This product delivers like I thought it would.  I love Dove products anyway and this one certainly did not disappoint.  First of all before even using the shower cleanser I noticed the nice clean smell as I was dispensing it into my hand.  It lasts long enough after my shower for my husband to comment on how clean and nice I smelled.  That's another plus!It left my skin feeling moist but NOT greasy.  This is what I'm looking for when I use a shower product in the winter months.  It's so light on my skin that I think I'll be able to use this one year round.Recommend to buy.  I think you'll be glad you did.I've always used Dove soap bars,they have a beautiful look and ergonomic feel. My skin tends to dryness,so I steer clear of fragrance. I thought I'd try this sensitive skin formula in a liquid form. It's okay,I didn't notice anything remarkably different about my skin. The bottle is almost too large for a standard shower,and heavy,so when your hands are wet,be careful not to drop it which is easy to do given the smooth shape of the bottle,there's no way to grip it firmly. Most annoyingly,you can never get the last bit of soap out of this style bottle and wrestling the cap off is nearly impossible.Got this product for my daughter.  She loves the feel of it and the fresh scent that accompanies the wash.  This is one we will be looking to buy in the future.The two Dove body washes we tend to use in our household areDove go fresh Pomegranate and Lemon Verbena Scent Revive Body Wash,24 Ounce (Pack of 2)andDove Go Fresh Burst Body Wash Nectarine &" "& White Ginger,16.9 Oz / 500 Ml (Pack of 3). However,we were offered a review sample of the sensitive skin version with NutriumMoisture (yes,one word.) so we decided to give it a try,While it doesn't smell as good as our go-to body washes,it still works extremely well and leaves my skin soft and mositurized instead of cracked and chapped as is usually the case in winter. Unlike a lot of other body washes (included some of Dove's own products),this is a non-nonsense back to basics body wash. It smells like soap,lathers wonderfully and leaves your skin feeling clean and refreshed. It's a great buy no matter how you look at it.With both allergies and winter dryness,my skin has had a bad case of the itchies recently. I find myself acting like a bear,scratching my back against door jambs,and my legs are in a constant state of torment.When I received this,I immediately tried it out and was very pleased with its moisturizing effects. What I noticed most was its neutral scent,particularly important in my case. I am also using other products when I am not in the tub,but it is nice to have a body wash that helps as well.I like trying new potions and lotions - you never know what you're going to find. One of the things I have found is that Dove Body Wash is very good. The first things you notice are that it has a nice smell,and that it lathers nicely. It leaves my skin feeling clean and yet soft and moisturized. So far I have had no break outs or any other ill effects from it at all.Yes,I am quite pleased!(Review of Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash with NutriumMoisture)I love Dove products. I've used their soap,body wash and deodorant for years. I've always loved that their soaps helped keep my skin moisturized rather than drying it out.  However,this body wash didn't seem to do that. When I used it I was surprised to find that it felt waxy and left a residue (like some other brands).  My favorite Dove body wash is the Visible care line.Dove Creme Body Wash,Visible Care Toning,18 Ounceand I'll stick with it.  I wouldn't buy this one again.This product DOES have a fragrance to it.  Additionally,I found it just doesn't clean as well as regular soap.  I didn't feel clean using this product.  I felt as if there was a layer of dirt remaining on my skin and sure enough,using an alcohol prep pad,I was able to rub my arm with the prep pad and it came up dirty and dark.  After washing with regular bar soap,the alcohol prep pad comes up clean.  I can't explain it but I don't like the results.Dove Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash; Nutrium Moisture.I love this body wash.  I love body washes,and I love Dove.  Dove is an awesome,trusted brand that I've been using for a very long time.  I've always trusted Dove soap.  And this particular body wash has nutrients,and is for sensitive skin.  I do have sensitive skin.  But this body wash is good to my skin.  Dove is good to my skin anyway,but the sensitive formula is even more gentle.I love soaps and body washes,and Dove is a brand that I love for these.Highly recommended.  Everybody has to use either soap or body wash.  And this particular type has no scent,so anybody can use it.Dove's products,as we all know,are products that contain a large amount of moisturizing agents.  This body wash is no different.The cream feels like lotion and the scent is barely noticeable.People who frequently use Dove will definitely love this product.No secret I live in Minnesota and during the winter months I do a lot of outdoor activity,officiate hockey,etc. Doing most of this stuff causes my skin to become dry,itchy,and just generally uncomfortable.For years I have used Dove of Suave body wash and just dealt with using other lotions to deal with the dry skin. So,when i saw this product I was eager to try it. Being that it's winter it was even better.After using this for three weeks,hte vast majority of my dry/itchy skin issues have been resolved. No scientific data,but I think my skin feels softer and smoother as well.In the past I have broken out when trying some products. Happy to say this isn't one of them. The other thing I like about this is the size of the bottle. 24 ounces is quite a bit and I don't feel like I continually have to remember to get more due to that.The slight scent of the body wash is nice and refreshing as well. Smells clean and fresh unlike some other products I have tried.If you are looking for a nice,smooth,moisturizing body wash I'd seriously consider this one. I have been pleasantly surprised by it so far.Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisuture is a nice addition to my bathtub/shower. It's a body wash everyone in my whole family will use. It doesn't smell too feminine for the men and it has a pleasant smell to satisfy the girly girl in me.  It cleans and moisturizes. I bought my second bottle just this afternoon!So in love with this product that it will be a staple in our house from now on. I've always loved Dove soap for sensitive skin and this is more than the icing on the cake with it being in body wash form. It really does leave your skin soft and supple from use. You wont regret this purchase ; )This is a wonderful body wash in a creamy lotion.  It not only cleans you skin,it leaves it feeling like you have just applied a lightweight moisture lotion.It lathers up easily and makes you feel like you are in a bubble bath with all the lather.  This is something I always look for in a body wash --- lots of lather.  It doesn't take a huge amount of product to make the lather,either.Dove has always made good skin products and this is no exception.Dove's 24 ounce Body Wash with NutriumMoisture (say that five times fast),meant for sensitive skin,works very,very well and lasts a very,very long time -- weeks,or possibly months,if you bathe or shower once or twice per day and use this product every single time.I've had no reactions to this product,it cleans my skin quite well and leaves it softer than many other products in the same line.That's why Dove's Body Wash for sensitive skin with NutriumMoisture (still don't know exactly what that is,but it works) gets my highest recommendation.Barb CaffreyI was very excited to try this new Dove Body Wash.  I use body washes on a daily basis as part of my showering routine and often have dry skin.  The dryness is worse right now for I live on the east coast and this has been a very cold winter thus drier skin.  My skin can also be sensitive but it usually happens when something irritates it.  I have found a few brands of body wash that I love and get me clean while keeping my body pretty solidly moisturized.  This Dove product is advertised as a skin nourishing wash with a new NutriumMoisture technology.  I did not have high expectations.  I thought it would definitely be as good as the other products I've been using but could possibly be a great addition for when I need more moisturizing on my skin.From the first try I was not happy with this product.  It says it is fragrance free but it has a scent to it that is definitely unpleasant - certainly not a fresh or renewing scent.  At first I thought it was just a standard soap sort of smell but with each use it got more bothersome.  I used this product for 10 days and I can honestly say it added no moisture at all to my skin.  Even a basic body wash does a better job.  My skin got drier than its been in months and the product also caused some minor skin irritation.  After the tenth day I quickly returned to a reliable body wash and had to apply body moisturizer for a couple of days before my skin returned to normal.  In all honesty I have never had a problem like this with any other body wash.  And whenever I've purchased one promising to be a deeper moisturizing formula it always has been.  Never has a product dried out my skin like this.  I got the sensitive skin formula to be on the safe side and am very glad I did.  If this bothered me,imagine what the regular formula may have done.  I used to love Dove products but was very disappointed with this body wash.This is a BIG bottle of body wash by Dove. It lathers great,cleans great,smells...ugh. I was surprised to see that it is actually unscented,because it smelled slightly medicinal to me. It did make my skin soft &" "& great for sensitive skin. I'm sure it's unscented because it is for sensitive skin. Overall,it's ok,but other body washes I like much better.I like the scent of this body wash.  It seems to moisturize my skin better than my regular brand,Ivory Aloe.  I can see where acne prone or otherwise troublesome skin might react adversely to this product because it does contain a couple of types of oil but I haven't had any issues like that.  My only gripe is that there was a thin clear plastic seal over the lid that I did not notice before the bottle was in the shower and wet.  I coukd not remove the seal and ended up having to bust the lid/spout assembly off the bottle to get at the contents.  I don't know if the seal is only on shipped bottles or if its on all bottles,even those on store shelves.  And maybe if I had seen the seal before it got wet it would have been easily removed.  All I know is that using different blades of my small pocket knife I was unable to remove the seal and because of that aggravation I would not buy this product.So I buy Dove whenever I can.  Maybe there advertising has gotten to me,who knows,but I somehow have it in my mind that their products are gentle on my sensitive skin. So although I like to buy soap like this on sale,if I really need it I will absolutely buy this before I buy a lesser brand,or store brand (which is usually awful,in my opinion).  It is thick,though,so I usually use a small amount and mix with warm water before washing in the shower.  I let my kids use it on their arms and legs,but again,making sure they mix it with a bit of water first.  My skin is never dried out using it,even in the cold winter,and the smell is not overpowering at all. All in all,a nice soap.Dove body was with Nutrium Moisture washed and rinsed well with a nice texture and body feel. I liked how the Dove felt smooth and I felt clean without feeling greasy. The NuriumMoisture has a faint palm oil odor. I like dove and usually don't find their scents overwhelming,but this one was a little odd smelling to me. Stepping out of the shower I could no longer smell it,so it doesn't linger at all. Dove just left me feeling clean and soft.As with the other Dove body washes,the scent is minimal and nothing but fresh.  It cleans well,and left me feeling moisturized in the midst of the winter dry heat indoors here. In spite of the product description of "rich lather",I didn't find it produced much in the way of suds,which is fine with me.  My skin liked it,and the moisturizing effect lasted longer than many lotions.Finally,there is a body wash made for sensitive skin I can use! I have tried many body washes made for sensitive skin only to have my skin break out. I was pleasantly surprised when I used the Dove Body Wash for Sensitive Skin. I did not feel itchy or break out like I have with other products. My skin felt just as nice as it does when I use the Dove bar soap. However,this body wash says it is fragrance free which it is not. There is the mild scent that is similar to the Dove bar soap. It is very mild but if you are looking for fragrance free,you may want to pass on this body wash. For me,I love it and plan to keep on using it!I've been using Dove's sensitive skin body wash for years. I have sensitive skin,I've seen a dermatologist in the past for treatment and recommendations,and Dove works for me.The sensitive skin formula may have changed a bit over time,but it's been great and I haven't had any qualms about it. I'm such a creature of habit that I feel naked without it on the road. This wash leaves my skin feeling clean,healthy,and nourished. There might be a tiny,tiny scent,but it's essentially imperceptible ("unscented" is printed on the bottle).Do yourself a favor - ditch the fruity,scented,cheap soap and treat your skin with care. Go Dove or go home! Also,thesensitive skin barsare worth considering since bars allegedly last longer than body wash. I haven't tried them yet,though.After having been lied to for years of my life by the male/gender stereotype marketing agenda,my eyes have finally been opened. When in college I used Axe cause it seemed too &" "&#34;girly&" "&#34; to be using anything else. Now that I'm living by myself decided to give it a shot and man have I been missing out. Don't really care what anyone thinks now cause I've never enjoyed showers as much as I do now. Great start to the morning,very refreshing scent that's clean but not too feminenMaybe I scrub too hard when showering,but most soaps and body washes tend to leave my skin feeling too dry which also leaves it itchy. I experienced neither problem after using Dove Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash. Like Dove's bar soap,it really does seem to nourish the skin as well as clean it. I don't want to sound like I'm trying to write advertising copy,but this product did leave me feeling refreshed. Some other reviewers have complained that it is not unscented as the product description claims,but I did not detect any scent,certainly nothing strong or perfumy.Dove costs a little more than I think I would normally spend for body wash,but this is a quality product that I wholeheartedly recommend.I normally use Suave soap products but when I saw that this Dove soap was offered on Vine,I wanted to try it. It really does leave my skin feeling smooth and feeling clean ... love the fresh scent. I don't feel like that I need to rinse for a long time just to get the soap off my skin. If my skin glows,I can't tell because I am too pale to notice anything other than white.The price is actually pretty pricey for me. I don't like spending more for soap because I can find other alternatives. However,this would be a splurge for the winter months as it does nourish the skin. I do suffer from sensitive skin and I work in a place where the air is so dry that it literally eats the moisture off my skin,so this would be a good alternative for the winter months.It would have been rated a 5 star if it wasn't for the price.1/5/13Dove always puts out such good products.  This is a very nice body wash for sensitive skin.  Won't leave you itchy or rashy or feeling dried out.  Highly recommended for those of us with sensitive skin who can't take heavily fragranced,drying products.  Highly recommended.You can put away all of your Dove bars now--because this body wash is the best of them all.Goes on silky smooth.Spreads over your body so easy with  a towel or a puff.Leaves you smelling great though this has no real scent--no flowery heavy scent.Rinses off quick ,clear and cleanly.It left me skin so moisturised and elastic--I amost didn't need any lotions later. Usually I have to put it on quickly after a shower---but not with this product.To me this is a very highly done product and I salute it.When you get a chance to try it--you will love it too !!I don't usually keep bubble bath around,so when the mood hits me for a bubble bath I like to be able to use whatever body wash I'm using at the time. This particular body wash does not work well as a bubble bath. Although,it's hard to knock points off of a product when it doesn't work great for a use it's not intended for. There isn't really a scent to this product,which is exactly what you look for in a non-scented product. I find that my skin feels ever so slightly greasy when I'm in the tub and even a little so when I have dried off. The greasy feeling does go away once I've been out of the tub and dry for a few minutes. I guess that's the nutrium moisture.It lathers well and has a light,clean scent.  The scent doesn't linger,which works well for me because I work in an office where we aren't allowed to wear perfume.  A little goes a long way,as this foams up nicely,especially with a mesh pouf.  It does moisturize better than most body washes.  I used to useSoftsoap Body Butter Coconut Scrub Body Wash 15 oz,and if I didn't use lotion,my legs would just flake dry skin.  I was able to tryDove Creme Body Wash,Visible Care Toning,18 Ounceand was impressed with it,as my skin was much less dry then when I use the Softsoap bodywash.  This bodywash moisturizes my skin as well as the Dove Visible Care Toning does.Dove clearly has a superior line of bodywashes,that moisturize better then others.  I am satisfied with it,and will use it again in the future.This is a good basic body wash. It has a subtle fragrance. It is non-irritating. This body wash lathers up well and rinses completely leaving no residue or greasy feeling. I felt that the moisturizing properties of this body wash were fairly effective. I did not feel it was drying.This Dove "unscented" body wash replaces the former Dove Unscented Body Wash in their line.  I find that while this one is just as creamy and nourishing as the original,this one has a lot of fragrance in the product despite its claim of being unscented.  The old version was truly unscented.Comparing this to the new line of Dove body products,it seems that they have increased the amount of fragrance used in all their new products and this new body wash would seem "unscented" by comparison when in reality it should be described as moderately scented.I tried testing this product out on my hands before trying it on my body in case of an allergic reaction,but the scent of this "unscented" body wash was so strong that it gave me a headache from just from the residual perfumes on my hand.  However,my hands did feel soft and more moisturized.A big thumbs down to Dove for false advertising and for discontinuing their true "unscented" bodywash.  NOT recommended for those seeking a lightly-scented or fragrance-free product.Deep clean,really soothing,no residue I guess. But it just feels weird. Maybe its because I'm used to those harsh body soaps,theres no &" "&#34;squeaky clean&" "&#34; feeling. But I guess I'll get used to it.Thisis a nice body wash for sensitive skin,and doesn't seem to promote any irritation or itching following your shower.  That is a great find,as I have dry skin; and many products tend to cause irritation.I'm quite pleased with this body wash. It has a thick consistency and lathers well. I'm especially impressed with the moisturizing ability - I've tried other brands that offer that benefit and they either don't do much of anything in terms of moisturizing,or are so oily that I don't feel clean after showing. This strikes the right balance between clean and moisturizing. I especially appreciate it this time of year (winter) when my skin feels so parched.Excellent product that I highly recommend.I may be a little woozy from suffering from dry itchy winter skin,but I've used this a couple of times now and my skin feels better and I'm not itching and my skin isn't flaking. This has a pleasant scent and appears to be quickly absorbed into the skin. This has no oily residue and is very foamy.I'm impressed with the results and think this is a really good body wash.Prefer using body wash to soap and this one is very good.  Smooth on senstive skin,never leaving it feeling dry or taut.  Always feel clean and yet the product is gentle and easy to use.  Definitely worth getting again.Have used this body wash before...does not produce hives as my previous wash did. I am totally satisfied with it.This body wash comes in a 24 oz. bottle that is about twice the size of most body washes. The price is higher than many similar products but you are getting more product in exchange. This body wash has the traditional Dove soap smell along with a strong lotion smell. It has a very clean and soapy smell and makes you feel very clean and refreshed. It's very rich and full of moisture,probably more than any previous body washes that I have tried. I like the scent but it's very strong and it's almost made be gag in the shower because the smell was just so strong. I have learned to use a little less of this body wash at a time.I already use Dove products.  I typically use the regular bar soap,though,so this is different.I really liked the delicate scent.  It reminds me of a light Shea butter.  The soap is thick and really lathers well.  I could instantly feel the moisturizing ability as I spread the lather.  After my shower,I did not have a tight feeling in my skin.  I noticed much less dryness as well,and I already use Dove!  I still used lotion,but I could feel this really is a better moisturizing soap.  And after several days of continuous use,I still agree with my original assessment.  This is a wonderfully rich moisturizing soap.I highly recommend this soap,especially in this dry winter.I love this body wash. It smells great and doesn't irritate. I have super sensitive skin and some scents give me a headache. This is not one. I love how this body wash makes my skin feels and smells.Dove Sensitive Skin is an unscented moisturizing body wash. I personally want fragrance in my body wash but know that other's may not. This Dove is particularly moisturizing. Lathered nice and I felt like I didn't even need lotion after my bath.I like it,a lot.  Yes I know I am repeating myself but this product is great in my book.  The scent is very mild,almost nonexistent.  The feel while washing is smooth and comfortable,not slick like some or gritty like others.  The lather rinses off easily and just left my skin feeling good.I expected this body wash to lather up a little more,but in a super moist kind of way (thus the "Deep Moisture Nourishing" part of the name...). It doesn't though.The fragrance is nice and it is good for washing,but since it doesn't make much of a lather,it takes a lot of the product to wash all over.My wife reminded me that I probably missed the intended use: shaving my legs. Very funny,dear. But she's right. This would be fine for shaving.I have problems especially in the winter with many soaps and this one has really been good for me. It has caused no problems with itching or anything,it lathers well,cleans well and smells good. The smell reminds me of ivory soap. I would buy this and recommend it to others with or without skin problems. It is a soap so you still need to moisturize your skin after a shower but it doesn't make your skin dry either.I have been using this product for a year or two,and I wouldn't do without it,especially in the winter when my skin starts to flake with dryness.  Because I have sensitive and often dry skin,I have to be careful about what soap-like products I apply.  I use a mesh body sponge,and the lather is thick and creamy with only a teaspoon or so of body wash.  The only thing I don't like about it is the tapered top that makes it tough when I'm running out and want to store it upside down.  I have to balance it against the shower wall.I highly recommend this for anyone who has dry or sensitive skin.-- Debbie Lee WesselmannI'm a big fan of body washes,so much so that one of my brothers gave me several bottles ofOlay Cr&" "&egrave;me Ribbons. It was a marvelous body wash,however one thing I didn't like about it was the pink residue I had to clean out of the tub after I bathed. The Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash left nothing out of the ordinary behind and except for the typical wipe-down I was quite satisfied. A luxurious bathing experience can definitely be spoiled if you have to spend several minutes cleaning a tub when you're done.I like the fact that it is hypo-allergenic because I do have sensitive skin. Not overly so,but can get a rash if a soap or body wash is harsh. Many of the homemade natural soaps are off limits to me because they sometimes have additives that don't agree with my skin. The Dove Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash is unscented,but not fragrance free,something that some may wish to stay clear off. It has a nice,clean delicate scent that I liked. It left a baby-like fresh scent behind. Mind you,I'm from the era of women who enjoyed a dab of fragrance in personal products.One other interesting thing I notice was that the Dove Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash had "nutrium moisture." A lot of products have the most interesting names for nutrients or properties,but what do they mean? In this case I found that it was a special formula unique to this Dove product. "The Dove line of body wash products includes a proprietary formula called NutriumMoisture technology. It includes a special combination of oils and other ingredients that work to restore the outermost layer of the skin and are actually absorbed into the top layer,rather than simply coating." I must admit,I feel good,my skin feels good,and my overall experience was a positive one. This body wash is certainly a winner in more ways than one.INGREDIENTS:Water,Glycerin,Cocamidopropyl Betaine,Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil or Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil,Sodium Hydroxypropyl Starch Phosphate,Sodium Laureth Sulfate,Hydrogenated Soybean Oil,Lauric Acid,Sodium Cocoyl Glycinate,Sodium Chloride,Stearic Acid,Sodium Lauroyl Isethionate,DMDM Hydantoin,Citric Acid,Fragrance,Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride,Tallow Acid or Palmitic Acid,Sodium Isethionate,BHT,Tetrasodium EDTA,Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate,Methylisothiazolinone,Etidronic Acid,Titanium Dioxide.So this product did pretty much as it advertises. It cleaned me gently - it did not leave my skin dry like some soaps do.Whatever moisturizers it has must have absorbed into my skin,because I didn't feel greasy. It had a nice clean fragrance. This is important to me because I don't want anything that either interferes with my perfume or is so annoyingly strong that it gives me a headache. The price seems to be right in line with other like products.I think my skin is just too old to feel soft and smooth just from using a particular type of soap.BUT,I will keep buying this soap for all the other positives it has behind it.Dove makes good products; the bar cleanser works great and is my all time favorite. But now there's some serious competition from this body wash. It combines great cleaning with rich,silky moisturizing. The body wash is easy to use; unlike the bar,it doesn't get slippery and escape in the shower. Do you like clean,smooth skin? This is the product for you.I've been using Dove products for years,they have always left my skin softer than the other leading brand. This time around I decided to try the Sensitive Skin. Boy,I am so glad I did! It is excellent,it left my skin soft &" "& smooth. My skin stays that way for a while too!I have been using Dove Body wash for years because it is very creamy and lathers very well.  It is the only body wash I have tried that actually moisturizes my skin so that I do not need to use a moisturizer after my bath.  I really hate having to put on moisturizer so this really saves me the trouble.  I highly recommend it.If you need a body wash for sensitive skin,this may fill the bill for you. I ordered it primarily because it was unscented. That means,essentially that no fragrance has been added. For those that are sensitive to fragrance,this is a good thing. However everything has a smell. Because no scent has been added,you have the scent of the ingredients themselves which wasn't awful,but slightly unpleasant to me. This body wash also did not work up a good lather as well as other brands I have used. This may be due to the mild cleanser in this formula. For these reasons,I probably won't buy this again,but the consumer with sensitive skin may find this just what they need.I can't say it "nourishes skin deep down",I use a more expensive and concentrated creme for that. However the mild cleanser and clean rinse does make my skin soft and smooth. While in the shower I wash my hair first,rinse,than apply conditioner. Before I rinse the conditioner out I use a small amount of the Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash on a washcloth to bathe. I feel clean and the product leaves my skin softer than a regular soap. A noticable improvement since I started using.Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture,Deep Moisture Nourishing,24 Ounce,is quite the name. Since the last few years I have noticed the need to hydrate,moisturize,and all the good stuff during a shower. Dry skin is a little pain in the arse,and I am always on the look out for the most advanced,highly concentrated product in the free world that may keep the body from dry spells. I do not like the signs of dry skin. In some severe cases you can see the skin shedding this powder like form when scratching,which always seems that itching and dry skins are like best friends,or part of the same obnoxious gang. It is nice to jump,or better still,step into the shower and have the proper line of products to combat all that is needed. From Plax before brushing the teeth,a great toothpaste,an even better mouthwash to absolutely obliterate the great concentration of bacteria that is rumored to multiply by the hour (wipe them all out,is what I say!),and then pick the best possible soap that will wash that ass but at the same time it will deliver hydration,nutrition? (what in the world is NutriumMoisture,otherwise?) and allow you to walk out of the shower a renewed man,ready to take on the world without any fear of unwanted claims of improper hygiene.I have been using this product with a very efficient japanese wash towel (if one could call it that),that allows for the foam to multiply and since it is very long,to be able to wash your own back to one's hear content. This Dove Body Wash,once it has covered all areas (and I do mean all,for the most secret ones are definitely the most essential),and properly rinsed does leave you feeling a bit more optimistic even to the point than an operetta might be attempted,feeling fresh and for the day officially acknowledge to be part of the elite that just got out of a thorough shower. I am sure this is something that most people take for granted,but I have stood in line with some smelly characters,or pushed in an elevator,and let me assure you: I take the well washed crowd any day over the soap deficient one! Be that girl or boy,to put it mildly.Cleanliness is one step in the right direction,and If the resources are available,I would encourage everyone to take a shower once in a while,and this Dove Body Wash may not be the top dog but it certainly performs well if used with diligence. Shower Time! 4 Stars!Until I did online research,I assumed that the FDA -- the Food &" "& Drug Administration,which regulates food and medical industries for public health and safety -- would have standards for labeling a product "fragrance free" or "unscented." But,surprise! The FDA does NOT regulate those terms after all. "Fragrance-free" products can and do include fragrances to mask the smell of other nasty ingredients.Apparently,the convention is for manufacturers to claim a product is "unscented" if the manufacturer just covered up the scent of the stinky chemicals (as Dove did in this case). "Fragrance free" would further imply that no additional pleasant scent (like lemon or vanilla) was added on top. Still,by FDA rules,they do have to list "fragrance" in the ingredients if they used ANY fragrance.I myself am not environmentally sensitive,but I have friends who are. I stay far away fromTide HE Original Scent Liquid Laundry Detergent 2 X 50 Fl Oz (Pack of 2)and Bounce 80168BX - Fabric Softener Sheets,160 Sheets/Box,but I don't expect this body wash to cause similar,dreadful problems for my friends,because the scent doesn't linger. (The scent is a pleasant,light,baby-powder smell.) So,while Dove is not breaking any regulations by labeling this body wash "unscented," even though there is fragrance added,they've let the marketing department mislead and betray their customer base,who has come to expect more transparency from the Dove brand.However,the body wash "stripped" my skin too much in the shower,so I used my trusty olive oil bar soap directly afterwards to help restore some of my skin oils.Not Dove's best effort.This is one excellent body wash that does what a good wash should do all around.  The moisture is evident,skin is left feeling wonderfully soft and healthy,and it foams well.  This has all the great qualities for which Dove stands.Both my husband and I have allergies and sensitive skin so I am always on the lookout for mild products.  After trying the Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash for a couple months,we both liked it a lot.  It not only has a nice rich lather,but it rinses off easily and leaves your skin soft and smooth without feeling dry or irritated. Not only didn't we have any itching or negative skin reactions,but the NutriumMoisture was a nice bonus. After trying it out for Vine we have bought additional bottles and continue to use it.I found this product to be cheaper on Amazon compared to the local store. This body wash lathers well and seems to be moisturizing. I have eczema and using this product doesn't irritate my skin. I also like the fact that it doesn't have a strong fragrance like some other brands I've tried.Excellent odor with excellent hydration. Dove body wash seems to be one of the best around. As always,use Subscribe and Save PLUS coupons!!!This body wash is so moisturizing.  Skin feels soft and does not even need lotion afterwards.  It is my favorite body wash.  I exclusively use dove for cleansing.I have patches of eczema on my hands which mostly all other soaps/detergents irritate. This does not make it worse.gave this to my oldest adult daughter to use for she has very sensitive skin.  she used it and said that a little goes a long ways.  she advised that the body wash did not dry out her skin and used less lotion after her shower.  she really likes this and told me that she will buy thisWow,I have several positives to say about this product. First off,I am sensitive to strong scents because I get migraines and this scent does not trigger my migraines. Second,I am not good at using lotion at all other than a facial moisturizer and occasional hand lotion when my hands are so dry I can't take it any longer. Since using this Bodywash,I have not had to even think about using lotion. My skin,especially the sides of my torso would get dry and tight and I would think,I should be using lotion but since Dove,I have been comfortable with my soft skin. It's great for winter and all year long! It's awesome that you can get it at a pretty decent price on Amazon thru subscribe and save but my secret is to purchase the WalMart Equate twin pack. It works just the same and you get twice as much! You literally get two 24oz bottles for the price of one Dove 24oz bottle. I realize some people will want to stay with brand name but I'm on a budget so it was a great find for me.Dove body wash is my brand of choice,but I usually buy the deep moisture kind instead of the Sensitive skin type.  I like the scent of the deep moisture a lot better than the scent of the sensitive skin.  Both have a rich,thick lather and moisturize well.  I usually buy sensitive skin products,but I have not had any trouble from the deep moisture variety. So I will go back to buying the deep moisture type since they are essentially the same except for the scent.this has a fantastic scent. after you get out of the shower,not only does it actually moisturize the skin,but you can still smell it on your skin an hour later. it's amazing.The Dove body wash for sensitive skin is a very good product. It lathered nicely in hard water. It is very moisturizing. I was surprised at how nicely moisturized my skin was after I dried off. It really is great on sensitive skin. It did not irritate  freshly shaved legs.The only downsides are the scent. It is supposedly unscented but definitely has a scent. It is not a particularly appealing one. At the risk of being indelicate,it takes a bit of extra washing to get rid of smelly armpits.I really like this soap. It smells great and has great lather. My skin feels super soft and clean after I use it - I highly recommend. Dove makes great soaps,and the price is great.I have been using bar soap with shea as regular bar soap is drying and liquid soaps can leave a greasy film on the skin.  Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture is able to deliver a nice moisture without drying or leaving that greasy coating.  The scent is very nice and light - even my husband likes it and he is strictly a bar soap kind of guy.  The bar soap I buy is extremely expensive (due to the shea),so I am thrilled to find a relatively inexpensive liquid soap that we both can use happily.I am also trying out the Dove Body Wash for Sensitive Skin.  I find it to be a little lighter in consistency but it does as good a job as the regular soap.  I have sensitive skin on my face,so this works great for that purpose.I recommend both soaps and will be buying both again in the future.I love this product. First,the smell is heavenly. And the way it lathers is fantastic. It never strips skin of oils. An ideal purchase for the wintertime,when the weather can play havoc with dry skin. This is a generous size that should last you months if used properly.This body wash is advertised as unscented and moisturizing.  However,I found it to be slightly scented,if not overly so.  It definitely has a moisturizing effect as it almost feels like lotion going on--it is very thick.  You won't need to use as much of this as you do with regular body wash.  I found it to be a decent product--probably more useful to those with really dry skin.First the good news  My skin can't tolerate additives to detergents,soaps,deodorants and the like. I break out in a rash whenever I've used a 'fragrant' type.  Second good thing about the item was that I squeezed a little bit into the bathtub and it created plenty of bubbles.  So a little goes a long way,but in terms of truly moisturizing,it's a misnomer.  If you are seeking a TRUE moisturizer,every dermatologist I've spoken with says the only ones that work contain urea,since it allows the moisturizing chemicals to bypass the skin barrier. Just type that key word in if you're looking for a true moisturizer,rather one that works on the placebo effect.This is my all time favorite body wash because of its intensely rich lather and fresh pleasing scent. I first discovered it several years ago on a visit to my in-laws. They were in their 70s at the time and recommended this product to me because they said it had really made a difference with their dry skin. I loved the scent when I first opened the bottle. It's very fresh,clean,and pleasant smelling without smelling "chemical-ish" or flowery at all. The lather is so rich and creamy that I can't compare it to that of any other body wash I've ever tried,and I've tried a lot of them. Every member of my family likes this stuff,from my in-laws to my husband to my kids. I would recommend this to anyone who would like a creamy body wash that makes a lot of lather and has a pleasant scent that men or women will like. I also think it's especially good for kids and older adults who have issues with dry skin.Fragrance is one of the leading ingredients in body care to which people are sensitive. In fact,many people,myself included,that have few other sensitivities are sensitive to fragrance.I read the comments &" "& products review carefully before choosing this product. Even the ingredients listed in the product page do not list fragrance. I bought it even though several of the reviews noted that it was scented. These same reviews appeared on the page for the scented version of the product,so I thought I'd chance it.Because I have very dry skin,I was excited about a non-scented moisturizing body wash.In fact it smells like plain old Dove soap. The scent was very strong on opening the bottle. IN SPITE OF THE FACT THAT "UNSCENTED" IS PROCLAIMED ON THE FRONT LABEL."Shame on the makers of Dove for pulling this stunt. A truly unscented or fragrance-free version of the body wash would be welcome.Shame on Amazon for allowing them to put misleading information that can affect people's health on the product page.I've never had a bad experience with any Dove product,and this body wash is one of the best! As you would expect,it lathers up to a rich foam and cleans very well. The scent is mild and inoffensive. But,the real selling point is the fact that it seems to keep working throughout the day,making your skin feel soft even though the dry indoor heat of winter. If you are in search of a moisturizing body wash that will not irritate,this is a great one to try!I was unexpectedly pleased with Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture.  Typically I figure that all soaps are about the same; I usually prefer liquid soap because it is a bit more convenient than bar soap and it seems less likely to leave soap scum behind (which is a real pain to clean off of the shower walls and door).But beyond the fact that this is liquid soap,I actually saw some benefits to the Dove product.  It cleans OK and rinses off well,not leaving behind any type of oily residue.  That said,it really does seem that after a shower using this product my skin feels a less dry than after a shower using my typical "whatever's on sale" liquid soap.  I'm not sure I really need this extra conditioning or "moisture" all of the time,but it certainly can be beneficial during the cold winter months in the northeast.In addition,the scent (similar to Dove soap bars) is not objectionable,and at least for this particular container the price is reasonable for what you get.Our family has long been a fan of Dove soaps.  As my wife and I have gotten a bit older,both of us have issues with our skin getting dry in the winter.Dove Sensitive works as advertised.  While not strong enough to make dry skin soft again,it does provide enough moisture to help keep my skin from drying out.  Dove Sensitive Skin feels like it rinses away cleaner than other Dove formulas.  This product did not irritate the skin of my wife and daughter who break out from certain soaps.The first thing I noticed was that this soap does not seem as thick as other Dove formulas our family uses.  However,when put on a body pouf,there is not as much lather created.  I still came out of the shower clean,but I just like the formulas with more lather.One thing I found fascinating is that the bottle says it is unscented.  While I am fairly certain that there are no added perfumes,there definitely is a characteristic "Dove" scent to this product.This is a product I would not hesitate to use again.In my opinion there is nothing "stand out" about this body wash. Will it get you clean? Yes,will it make you smell? Yes,there is a scent in the body wash but it isn't over powering. I won't be buying this one again and will instead be sticking with theDove Men + Care Body and Face Wash,Fresh Awake,18 Ounce (Pack of 2).It's hard not to come out of the shower with your skin screaming for moisture in cold winter weather,but the NutriumMoisture body wash really does seem to make a difference.  I'm not having nearly the itching and flaking that's normal for me at this time of the year,but neither is my skin slippery or oily.  The body wash has a nice light scent,and I'm very satisfied with the result.I find showering with Dove Deep Moisture Body Wash the next best thing in terms of effectiveness to applying moisturizing lotion to my skin. For example,after so many nights under an electric blanket my legs can get dry and itchy. Moisturizing lotion helps but I often elect not to use some even though I need it because I don't want to deal with getting it on my PJ bottoms and/or sheets. Though showering with Dove Deep Moisture Body Wash doesn't moisturize to the degree that moisturizing lotion does,it does moisturize enough to make a difference. (But I've seen reviews on the Dove site by people who say that after using DDMBW their skin feels MORE dry,so ideally you can get hold of a small sample before deciding whether or not to buy.)On the back of the squeeze bottle we are told that DDMBW has an improved formula with the "mildest cleansers ever." Harsher cleansers remove body oils and can leave skin dry,so it makes sense that a moisturizing body wash would have mild cleansers. It is perhaps for that reason that I have found that DDMBW is not the ideal body wash for me to use after an intense aerobic workout,and I wouldn't even consider using it when I am am so covered in dirt (e.g.,from using a tractor in sweltering heat) that a mild cleanser couldn't possibly help me get clean.It has that familiar,light,pleasant,fresh Dove soap fragrance,which I find does not linger on my skin after I use this product.Although this is a great bodywash,and it does everything that the Dove bodywashes do,like making your skin really soft,I didn't much care for the smell. I also received theDove Creme Body Wash,Visible Care Toning,18 Ounce,and I liked the smell of that one a lot better.If your skin is really dry though,I would recommend the Nutrium. It definitely seems to have more moisturizers,and if your skin is dry,it will help that in a hurry. It's a great extra layer of moisturizer,and again,you can use it to shave your legs and under arms.I love Dove products,and used  them on my children when they were babies.  I use Dove now.  So I was surprised and disappointed in this product.  I know it is for sensitive skin and is hypo-allergenic,therefore,mild.  However,this product is so mild that I did not feel clean.  This is due to the very light fragrance and thin feel of the soap.  I "know" it is cleaning me,but I keep using more,just to be sure.  No one wants to come out of the shower confused.  So,although I believe in this company's products,I won't be buying this one....jodie marino nachison,spouse.I've always felt that Dove is a reputable brand.  I've never disliked any Dove product I've used such as soaps and deodorants. I'm also happy to know that Dove is not only made right here in the United States,but also in my home state of Connecticut!  All great reasons to try this new product - the Dove Deep Moisture Nourishing Body Wash.I love body washes,and although I don't use them constantly,I do enjoy treating myself from time to time. This new one by Dove does indeed give one a very good feeling of deep moisturizing - you can feel it upon the skin while washing,therefore,I know I'm giving my skin not only a good cleansing but also a nourishing moisturizing treat. Another great thing is that it rinses clean and clear with no remaining "filmy" feeling as with some other brands. I get out of the shower feeling soft and clean-feeling skin.My normal family body wash isSimple Clean Simply Ivory Original Scent Body Wash,24-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 6)which does a great job of moisturizing,cleaning,and providing excellent value.  We buy it with Subscribe and Save.  However,I got the Dove Body Wash to compare it and see what we were missing over the more expensive Dove Brand.  To start,it is certainly a different formula than the Ivory,with a creamy feeling that is certainly different than the Dove.  It didn't lather quite as well,but did do a good job cleaning.  To be frank,the best word I could use to describe it would be "slimy",but perhaps that is because I am used to the more traditional Ivory soap rather than a super-moisturizer like Dove.The scent is pleasant - not unscented,but true to Dove products,it is a gentle scent that didn't bother anybody's skin.  Overall,it felt like it was moisturizing,but it's really hard to tell the difference between the Dove and the less expensive Ivory,or even the store brands which promise to be moisturizing.  Different feel in the bath,but the same feel afterwards.  I don't personally see the value,but it's a fine soap and if you like the creamier consistency of the more moisturizing body washes,then it's a fine choice for you as well.Left a bad residue smell on you after you used it. I use dove all the time but forvsome reason this product just left the worst smelk on your body afterwardsThis product is disappointingly marketed as being for sensitive skin and is "unscented." One of the most common ingredients in personal care products that causes irritation is fragrance. This product is NOT fragrance free. It has "unscented" fragrance. And the smell is quite strong. Particularly once it warms up in the shower. The "unscented" smell is way too powerful for me. Overall the formulation seems nice. It's thick and foams adequately,but it's not something truly suited for those with really sensitive skin.I like the Dove body wash,since it lathers up nicely,and it is soothingly refreshing while its nutrium moisture provides a pleasant shower experience. However,an hour afterward,and though not visible,my skin feels as if it has a bit of a dry,soap-like,Dove-scented film on it - perhaps the feel of clean?It does its job,but I just feel a little dry is all. This could be a good thing for the upcoming Summer heat we'll be having - if so I'll come back to boost its rating by one more star.Dove for Sensitive skin body wash fills my loofah sponge on a regular basis. When I read about the extra moisturizing of this one I switched.  How can you not give it a try when you have dry skin and its in the middle of a Midwest winter?  I certainly was not disappointed.  It will be my new shower wash.  Suds nicely.  Does not leave a residue.  Will recommend it to other Midwesterners.Happy sudsing!UPDATE:  I just ordered another Dove with Nutrium I am so pleased with it.  Consistently leaves my skin.feeling soft and clean.Excellent product and is great for sensitive,dry skin. I love that I am able to get different fragrances and scentsDove Body Wash works great,keeping my skin moisturized without the annoying film that other products of this type tend to leave.I tested it during this cold winter weather - using just the body wash and no moisturizer after - for a few days and my skin didn't dry out.I do agree with other reviewers though - this product does have a scent. It's mild and I liked it but if that's an issue for you then you might want to take that into account before purchasing.This body wash is great for sensitive skin and has no fragrances added to it. Does a good job keeping my skin hydrated as well. The only downside for me is that it is very lathery. While I think most people enjoy their body washes being very bubbly,I don't..Good product for sensitive skin that needs some hydration. If you like frothy body wash,then this is the product for you.This body wash has a light sweet smell. It creates a rich,creamy medium lather.It is very moisturizing. My skin feels very soft when I get out of the shower. However,you will need to continue using lotion. I liked it and would probably buy it as an alternative to my favorite Oil of Olay body wash.I don't know why I ever stopped using Dove Body wash a couple years ago but I'm happy now that I am using it again and this formula in particular works very well for me.  My skin is not only very dry but I also have psoriasis where patches of skin are highly sensitive.  This body wash definitely is soothing and moisturizing.  Most important is simply that it cleans well without irritating.  If you have normal to dry skin or even extra dry skin,eczema,etc. I would highly recommend!Indoor heating and dry winter air turn my usually oily skin into the Sahara. I am pretty rushed for time most of the time,so I don't always bother with body lotion. I loved this body wash. While it's not a substitute for regular body lotion,it does leave my skin hydrated. Also,the lather is very rich and luxurious. One caveat,though,even though there is no added scent,it does have smell. It actually smells like the Dove body bar. I happen to like the scent so for me it was not a problem,but those looking for no scent at al my be disappointed.The Dove Body Wash made a good lather and was gentle on my skin.  It did not dry it out as many body washes have in the past.  My skin felt soft and clean and moisturized after my bath.  The scent is fresh,light and gentle.  It makes you just feel clean all over!  I love it!Okay,so you know how in the winter you need extra moisturizing? Well I now believe that if you use this product a few times a week you will no longer need multiple layers of lotion before going outside,lol.I liked the lather,the feel,the scent and as I mentioned the way it left my skin feeling afterwards. My daughter who suffers from extremely dry skin especially this time of the year also had nothing but good things to say about this product.Now I am a believer in soap buildup so I would switch up soap agents (body wash included) to exfoliate but I think this could become one of my primary body washes.I love bath and body products and enjoy trying different soaps,washes,etc.This one was mediocre. The scent was very soapy and unremarkable. If you're just looking for a basic body wash for sensitive skin,you might be happy with this one. But if you're into exotic,luxurious bath products,this one will disappoint.This is your standard body wash. It is supposed to moisturize your skin as you wash. I did not notice any deep moisturizing when I used it. It actually made me itch and gave me drier skin.I tried the Regular and the Sensitive Skin. Both contain soybean and sunflower oils to help your skin. Both had more of a soap fragrance than anything else. I could not discern a difference with the Sensitive Skin version. I noticed that these bottles contained about twice the volume of the more specialized products like Axe. But the thinness of the soap is going to cause you to use more. This is typical of most body washes. The major difference between the Unilever products is the scent,the thickness,and whether you want any combination of shampoo,conditioner,and body wash. Its pretty much a personal preference.I like the thick stuff better and the fragrance is like an after shave so 5 stars. I would compare this closely to Clear Shampoo for men. The creamy texture does not drop off your hands like the gels. You don't have to use much to get a nice lather so its not only economical but it won't begin to clog up your drains.Review is based on a one time use.This body was very good. It has the texture of lotion and,while it didn't lather very well (I used it with a wash cloth and saw the "idea" of the body wash wanting to lather),it felt great on my skin. It rinsed off well,I didn't feel tightness on my skin like I do with some bar soaps,and my skin actually feels softer after a single use.It says the product is unscented,but when I used it I smelled a faint aroma. I don't mind this,but as one review said,if it's being advertised as unscented,better not say it is and then scent it.Very good product aside from no lather. I'll stock up on this one.I really wanted to like this one.  Unfortunately,unlike almost every Dove product that I love,this one leaves a film on my skin that I just don't like.  The formula seems to be just a bit too thick.  The smell is good,but the actual use just not up to what I expect from Dove products.I have been usingOlay Quench Body Wash,12 oz.  I like it quite well,but I was running low and got the opportunity to try this product.The Dove body wash is slightly thicker than the Olay,but it lathers just as well.  It is unscented,like it says on the bottle.  (I've had trouble with buying unscented products that smelled in the past.)  My skin isn't super sensitive - I get hives sometimes,but no eczema - so I can't comment much on that aspect of the product,but it hasn't irritated my skin.  I do feel nicely moisturized after using the product.This is your standard body wash.  Nothing sticks out to me about the product,but there are no drawbacks either.Like many people,my skin tends to get dry and itchy during the winter. This condition is probably a combination of the dry environment indoors due to central heating and the fact that scrubbing ourselves with soap in the shower every day is not kind to our skin in the first place. Could the right soap improve matters? Well,the wrong soap can certainly make things worse.I've found that the "Men" line of Dove products are just horrible at drying out my skin. They leave me in a condition slightly akin to whole-body dandruff. The "Go Fresh" line of Dove products,however,are much,much better in this respect. On the basis of those experiences,I thought I'd give Dove's "Deep Moisture" body wash a try.The verdict? I like it,but I'm not sure it's much better than the Go Fresh washes. Looking at the bottle,I have no idea what makes Deep Moisture different from Go Fresh. They both have "Nutrium Moisture"--whatever that is... they aren't exactly clear on that point. It's probably more trademarkable jargon than trade craft. I'm not a fan of gimmicks,but they are unavoidable in personal care products for some reason. Nevertheless,I can't say anything bad about this product. It does seem like it moisturizes better (although it probably just de-moisturizes less) than other washes I've tried. It feels a tad like washing with moisturizer when I'm using it. But I'm not sure the end results are that much better (or better at all,it's hard to say) compared to the Go Fresh washes I've used.As far as aesthetics go,the scent is a fresh,neutral smell that smells a lot like your average bottle of lotion. It fits the theme,I guess,and it's fine,but you don't get any options if you like to mix it up.Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture,Deep Moisture Nourishing,24 Ounce. I love it! Finally something that helps stop the dry itchy skin in winter. Smooth and creamy with a very light fragrance. It is easy to squeeze out of the bottle,use a wash cloth or your hand to apply and work up a lather then rinse off. Make sure you rinse your shower floor when done,it can get slippery. Great product.The primary difference I've noticed between the expensive body washes such as those made by Bliss,and the cheaper ones at the grocery store,is that the grocery store ones are less concentrated,so you have to use more.  This Dove body wash is more concentrated than most in its price class (but you still need more than you would of a more expensive wash),so if you want a good body wash (particularly in winter when soap can dry out your skin significantly) but don't want to pay a big price,this is the one you want.This wash is also a good choice if you are looking for something without a strong scent.If you are looking for a luxurious,silky great smelling body wash move on.  You will not find it with this.  If you are looking for an economical and basic clean smelling body wash then this is for you.I am one of those people who have at least 3 different body washes in the shower at any given time.  Overall,my skin has different needs at different times and different parts of my skin have different needs most of the time (sorry,the last part of that sentence might have been TMI).  What I mean is sometimes I want a really nice fruity or exotic body wash to feel pampered.  Sometimes I want a nice exfoliating body wash.  What I get with Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture is a nice,creamy,medium weight body wash.While there is some lather to it I wouldn't say it is sudsy.  I normally squeeze my body wash onto a synthetic scrubby I keep in the shower but that didn't seem to be the best application for this product.  I found that applying it out of the stream of the shower directly to my skin was the best approach.  Just like you are applying lotion.  I let it all soak in for a bit and then I washed it off with the scrubby.There didn't seem to be any type of obvious coating on my skin after rinsing.  My skin felt nice and smooth so I skipped the usual after shower lotion and/or oil application.  The next morning I did feel a bit dry and did end up moisturizing after showering with the Dove.Overall I think it is a good product that does the job.  Good value for the money.I have always loved usuing Dove products and this body wash is no exception. It has the regular Dove scent and works up into a beautiful creamy lather. I do feel like it keeps me more moisturized than some other body washes (although I do put lotion on right out of the shower). This is a good size bottle and I love the shape of it. I will definitely buy this again!I love that this body wash does not seem like soap,but more like moisturizer. It is an excellent deal for the price and the smell makes you feel clean without that stereotypical &" "&#34;soap&" "&#34; smell. Highly recommend. I will be buying again!These Dove body washes are European-style cleansers used with a washcloth or loofah and they don't produce much lather. They do clean well and leave the skin feeling soft,almost like lotion has been applied to it.The Sensitive Skin version is not truly unscented--it has an almost undetectable floral undertone but overall has a smell similar to the generic unscented body lotion that comes in a little bottle at the hospital,not offensive at all.The Deep Moisture version has a rich tropical floral scent that is very heavy and extremely long-lasting. I can't quite pin it down but it is something like a combination of passion fruit and tuberoses that fades into bergamot. I am sensitive to most perfumes and was surprised that this doesn't give me a headache especially since it is so strong.There is also a Go Fresh version elsewhere on Amazon with a moderate scent of nectarine and white ginger with a whiff of mandarin orange.The bottles are a bit awkward to grasp when they are full and wet because of the size and the way they are curved and the tab on the cap is almost sharp and not pleasant to open and close. I put them in a bottle with a pump dispenser,which works well.I really do like the feel of this body wash. It lathers well and one generous dollop is enough for my whole body in the shower -- with the exception of my face,on which I use a facial wash. I'm not too crazy about the smell,though,and I understand that perfumes can cause problems. I would just like to have the option to buy other fragrances. The bottle is very hard and thick and it does get difficult to squeeze out the product. It helps to reform the bottle and make sure it has air in it. It will not stand on its top and,since the tip is so small,it doesn't even lean well. That being said,the top is easy to open in the shower.My skin does feel smoother and less dry when I use the product.It's a pretty good price compared to other body washes.This really is the best. It lathers better than anything else and really moisterizes your skin. If you are sensitive to scents,this will be perfect for you as well. I don't use anything else.I'm a big fan of the Dove body wash. I don't have particularly dry skin,so I like the moisturizing level present in this product. Unlike some other body washes that feature more of a oily feel to them,the NutriumMoisture seems to be mostly glycerine based,and my skin absorbs it readily without getting goopy. I also find the cleansers to be gentle,and non-iritating to my sensitive skin.One note: this body wash is NOT fragrance-free. It's &" "&#34;unscented,&" "&#34; meaning there is fragrance added to make it smell like &" "&#34;clean.&" "&#34; If you'e highly allergic to any sort of fragrance,you might want to avoid it.My mother always used cake soap that made my skin feel tight. I thought that was the feeling of clean. Years later,I realized that was the feeling of dryness. So I switched to liquid soap with moisturizersSoftsoap Moisturizing Body Wash with Moisture Beads,Ultra Rich Shea Butter,18-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 3). My skin felt better.When the Vine program offered this body wash for sensitive skin,,I thought I'd try it. When I got the bottle out of the box,I got a bad impression of the packaging. The top was sealed with tape which was a drag to peel off. When I was finally able to open the top,a large dollop of the body wash squished out. So I wiped it off on to my hands and washed my hands.The soap was viscous -- thick,but unlike Softsoap,it had no 'moisture beads' -- just consistent,smooth cream-like texture. I had a lot of soap on my hands so had to rinse a lot but after I got it off and dried my hands,they were really soft! They felt as if I already had hand cream on them. There is a very mild lingering smell.This product seems to be good for my skin.My skin is fairly normal,not overly dry,but it is really sensitive and can easily become red,itchy and tight. (Especially in the winter months!) This body wash is amazing,it's rich and thick,you can see it's not your normal thin gel body wash. It lathers up into a lovely foam that feels soft. The smell is really nice,not fruity,not flowery,not green,but clean and fresh. It does take me a little extra time to rinse,because I feel its a little heavy,but thats a good thing,since I'm pretty sure that's what it's supposed to do. And,as a time saving bonus,I have used this as a face wash,no breakouts,no tight drawn skin. I actually loved how soft and smooth my face was after. (I wouldn't use it as a face wash all the time,because I worry long term it would be too heavy,but in a pinch it was perfect.)After drying my skin feels comfortable! Yay!I've been using this body wash for almost a week and am very pleased with the result. It's the dead of winter here,and this season is brutal in my part of the country,not just cold but the air is very dry. Chapped skin is almost a given,moisturizers and lotions a necessity.One of the reasons this product appealed to me was because it is a moisturizing body wash. So,while exfoliation is also desired,the standard net poof I use to apply all body washes accomplishes that goal. My hope was that this product,while cleansing,would not leave my skin feeling dry,and it didn't. The feeling left on my skin from the Dove is soft and smooth. I still use body lotion but my skin seems to be slightly more moisturized before applying my usual cream. I am attributing this change to the body wash.I do not have extremely sensitive skin,but whenever possible,like to avoid unnecessary ingredients which is another reason why I wanted to try this product. This brings me to my only complaint - it isn't unscented.I choose unscented products because layering perfumes from deodorants,soaps,and various creams,one on top of another,is offensive to me and I assume to a large portion of the people around me. If I wish to wear a fragrance,I will,but I would prefer all basic toiletry items remain unscented. So,the fact that this body wash has a definite scent when it claims to be unscented is unfortunate and disappointing. With that one caveat,I liked the product itself,just not its smell.This is a creamy product and does the job without a soapy feeling.This is the first dove liquid bath product we purchased.For the price it is a good deal but most of all it does not leave a chemical feel nor corrosive slidy surface after use.Dove is my soap of choice,so I was eager to see how this body wash would measure up to other products I've used. I'm glad to report it's very good. It's mild,and it has a light,refreshing scent.Dove is (and has always been) one of my favorite brands of body wash. The Deep Moisture Nourishing 24 ounce bottle comes in handy for my dry skin. The winter months are rough on my skin so a nice moisturizing body wash like Dove is essential (along with good lotion). This Dove body wash cleans and moisturizes with a great scent while rinsing clean. Dove is always a necessary item for me year round.I love the dove products for sensitive skin.  My daughter has bad eczema and the doctor recommended these products.  Her skin is looking better already.  It doesn't dry her out or cause itching.  No added stuff that makes her skin flame up.This Dove Body Wash with Nutrium Moisture is a lovely body wash,probably my favorite ever. It is not drying,and leaves my skin smooth but not tight. Also,unlike some other super-moisturizing body washes that don't suds up,when used on a body puff this makes lots of frothy creamy bubbles even in our hard well water! It has a wonderful fresh soapy smell,not a fake chemical/perfume smell other body washes have. Very nice product.Recommendation: Yes,very nice product,well worth buying the name brand in this case. Love it.I've always loved Dove Body Washes because they always last longer than your average body wash. You only have to use a little of this body wash to get a large portion of your body covered. Beyond that,it smells great too.While I typically don't use body wash for moisturizer,I can say my skin feels a lot better. This kind of body wash would be good in the hot summer,when my skin gets dry though. Until then,I'm content using it as is.This body wash has a pleasant smell that's not too overpowering when you exit the shower. I find many products try to put too much scent in so that people will feel like they've worked,but that's not the case here. It's not too expensive and it's a great purchase.This body wash is great. It smells very fresh and leaves my skin soft and very well moisturized. It lathers really nicely with just a little.  I have very sensitive skin and this body wash was great for that! Overall,it's good body wash and I really like it!I have used many different Dove products for years,and I've always been very pleased with them,but this isn't my favorite product.  First,although I am not sensitive to fragrance,I should point out that this product does contain fragrance,despite the bottle claiming that it is "unscented."  I will say that the fragrance is not very strong,and I don't find it overwhelming,but overly sensitive people may.  This shower gel is supposed to offer "Deep Moisture" and while my dry,"winter" skin did feel moisturized when I got out of the shower,that feeling didn't last long,and I was going back to apply lotion.  The gel did lather well,and I do feel "clean" after using it.  Overall,for a product that is labeled as "unscented" and having "deep moisture," I feel that Dove fell short with this product.  I believe that it is a good shower gel,but it is not outstanding as far as moisturizing is concerned,and the "unscented" labeling may mislead consumers.  I think in the future I will stick to other Dove products that I have liked better.I am a big fan of Dove products,and started using them when all that was being produced was the famous Dove bar,when the advertisements urged you to "stop using soap and start using Dove." At various times over the years I have switched to other products but seem to be always come back to Dove. The body wash is thick and has a mild,pleasant smell to it that would be appropriate for both men and women. The product rinses off completely but my skin stayed soft and moist for hours afterwards. The NutriumMoisture is new to me,but it seems to hold in moisture better than products without. I did not feel the need to apply lotion immediately after using the body wash. Since I became a "senior" adult,dry and itchy skin has been a major problem. I think I have found a solution with Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture.This is a great product for men and women. I love a soap with a great lather that doesn't dry you out. Dove never disappoints and i am faithful user of it and a lot of its men's products.I liked this body wash because it cleansed my skin without drying it out. It lathered nicely and had a pleasant scent. After I dried off,my skin was very soft,which made me happy considering the air is so cold and dry. I would definitely recommend this body wash and will most likely purchase it in the future.I obviously really like this stuff,since I use it every day.  It is much gentler than bar soap,and I started using it when I noticed my skin getting too dried out using my old go-to,which was Pears bar soap.  This does a great job at retaining skin moisture. Most days,I don't feel the need to moisturize after getting out of the shower,even in the middle of winter. Fresh,clean smell - not over powering when using and doesn't linger on your skin afterwards.  Also seems to cut down on shower soap scum.  The soap scum build up seems to progress much slower with this vs. bar soaps.  Bonus points:  I don't need a separate shave gel/cream because this also works well for that purpose.I am unable to do a separate review for the sensitive skin version of this product,but I wanted to mention that it is very good for sensitive noses as well - although it does have a trace of a scent,it does not linger long or bother me.I'm not into smelly product.  Even things like Dove that has a fairly neutral scent.  The smell from this product is still on my skin 12 hours later.  YUCK--  did not bother my skin at all--  lather was so so (not overly sudsy however not as strong a lather as I would like)would have given it 3 or 4 starts except for the lasting scent...  But the scent just annoys me.  Feel the need to take another shower with something that won't leave a lasting scent.For allergy suffers,like me,it is imperative that we purchase and use products sold as advertised. Based on the bottle label the Dove Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash is unscented. It is not. If you read the fine print on the bottle label it contains the word Fragrance. To me this means the product contains a fragrance/perfume/scent which means the product is not unscented.As for use: The product smells like Dove soap and it does work. Albeit the product made my eyes water when I used it.If you are not sensitive to fragrances/perfumes/scents you might like this product. For me I will take a pass.I do recommend purchasing and using Cetaphil Restoraderm,Skin Restoring Body Wash,10-ounce or any of the Cetaphil products. They are truly gentle on the skin.Do not recommend.As a guy,I never gave the Dove brand a chance until I took a medication that dried out my skin.  My doctor recommended it,and ever since I've been hooked.  What makes it great is that it leaves the skin clean without drying it out,and does not include any perfumes that might irritate the skin.  The Sensitive Skin Dove body wash is the liquid equivalent of the classic soap.  There is no lingering fragrance,with the only scent being similar to an unscented lotion.  This scent is only present during use,since it washes off so cleanly.The texture of this body wash is just like lotion.  I even double-checked the bottle to make sure that I hadn't accidentally brought lotion into the shower!  My fear was that it would not get me clean or rinse off well,but it did both.I still primarily use bar soap,but if you prefer body wash or need something portable for the gym/travel,Dove has done a good job of making a liquid that retains the properties of the bar.I like the lather and the clean,fresh light scent of this body wash ... My skin feels smooth and nourished afterward ... not dry.  I like dove products and this is no exception ... another very good body wash that does as stated ... deep moisture nourishing. Recommended.I like Dove,I really do. I've always associated with it something pure and gentle. I was excited about Dove Nutrium Moisture body wash; but this time,it missed the mark.I know Nutrium Moisture is unscented for the sensitive folks,but unscented means no added scents. That doesn't mean I can't smell what's left. I wouldn't call it odoriferous,it's just not pleasant. After many years of bombardment by advertisements,I have come the conclusion that body washes are supposed to be pleasant.Other than that,I do feel clean afterward,even if I don't smell like wildflowers or strawberry banana.I have horrible allergies to certain soaps and after showering generally break out in hives.  Then I discovered Tree Hut's Hawaiian Kuku Body wash and it was solved http://www.amazon.com/Tree-Hut-Moisturizing-Shower-Hawaiian/dp/B004XHX1PW/  So I was curious... for a cheaper price,would the Dove sensitive skin work as well?  Well,it does work,but I admit it doesn't compare AT ALL to Tree Hut. Yes,I didn't break out in hives,so that's definitely good.  But it wasn't particularly moisturizing or as luxurious as Tree Hut.So if you don't mind paying the same price for 8 ounces less; go for the Tree Hut. If you want something cheaper and are desperate for something to stop the itchy craziness after a shower,then go for the Dove.  It works,it smells good and your skin will thank you for it!This is more fluid than the other Dove body washes I have tried. I use it for my little kids whose skin are a bit more sensitive than mine. It is very gentle and almost devoid of any fragrance smell. You will also notice that it produce hardly any suds.Oddly enough,I'm one of the few people I know who have had problems with Dove Body Wash.  Other people talk about how gentle it is,but I tend to get rashes from it.But since this was the Sensitive Skin formula,I was anxious to give it  a try.I'm happy to report that I've had no rashes and no ill effects at all - just smooth,soft skin.  It smells good,is silky soft,and washes off well,leaving no residue.  And cleaning the tub later was a breeze.I'll definitely use this product again and again!I don't like bar soaps. I also don't like the harshness of a lot of the liquid soaps on the market today. My Dermatologist recommended this for bathing and I absolutely love it! I highly suggest you try this. I do believe you'll be pleased. Rinses easily and leaves you feeling clean.Moisturizing body wash for winter dry skin. It's perfect for dry skin from winter air and central heater running homes. Keeps body moist and not flaky during winter dry spells. I saw the commercial that nutrium is moisturizing nutrient that goes into skin cells to replenish needed moisture and nutrients to make skin feel rejuvenated. Letting water infuse into skin and keeping it there with very thin layer of oil. After shower it feels moist and I towel dry by petting instead of rubbing the towel on skin.Dove body wash is a real treat,especially with the dry winter air and skin. It has a satisfying fragrance,a smooth feel and defintely refreshes the skin. This reviewer suffers from "winter dry skin" and Dove Nutrium Moisture for sensitive skin is a blessing. Dove products can be counted on to offer solutions like dry skin. I heartily recommend them.I am a big fan of Dove beauty bars.  Every (which is not that many) dermatologist that I've run across has suggested them for proper skin care,so there are always bars in our showers.If you used these bars too,you know that they are very mildly scented and generally mild and non-drying to skin.  So imagine my surprise when I tried this supposedly gentle wash for sensitive skin and found that it's not all that gentle.  I tried it on my wind-whipped winter skin and found that it made me itchy.  In fact,there was a slight burning sensation --although the burning was on my chapped cheeks.  Arms didn't burn,but were itchy.This left me wondering where the moisture was.But the real negative to me was the smell.  It wasn't mildly scented like the bars,and it certainly wasn't unscented.  To me it had a very strong,too strong,chemical smell.  It was strong enough that I feel compelled to warn people with the kind of asthma that can be 'set off' by chemical smells to avoid this product.I can't recommend it to anyone.I have used Dove products for years. Everyone in my family has sensitive skin,and Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash does not cause any irritation. It is creamy and makes a rich,bubbly lather that leaves you feeling clean and fresh. I have tried other products to try to save a little money,but keep coming back to Dove. Nothing else comes close!I do agree that there is a very light (and pleasant) scent to this product,which is why I have rated this product with 4 stars instead of 5,but no one in our family has been adversely affected. If you are sensitive to scented bath products,you might want to try something else.For those who only care about the practical aspects of a product, there is nothing wrong with the Dove Body Wash.  I use the citrus scented one and I love it. Unfortunately, I have gotten used to using body washes that smell great,and this one is not it.  I am going to guess that this is the Dove Body Wash that is marketed towards those who want something plain,but the problem is the "plain scent" to me is actually almost nauseating.  A lightly scented soap may still have a hint of vanilla,perhaps.  I'd rather use a bar of soap,I think,than to use this specific non-scented version.  I am going to guess this is something my husband would be fine showering with,because body washes with fruity scents annoy him...rich creamy lather,and does not dry out the skin. Rinses off clean too. I adore this body wash and will use no other now.  If you have sensitive skin this is the body wash for youI use this for my 3 year old after deciding that she no longer needed baby wash.  It has been good for her and I do notice any issuesMy only fault with this soap is that ittends not to dissolve completely in bath water.But the soap does clean well and leave the skinwith a some moisture. I like this soapfor soaking bath.This is a great body wash. I normally use the scented body washes,but gave this a try. It left my skin feeling soft,and moisturized,which is impressive considering the air here is devoid of any moisture this time of year. I've always had this experience with Dove products though.As for how it works in the shower,the bottle has a convenient arrowhead shape. It's easy to pour the body wash out,and it doesn't run down the sides of the bottle. It lathers well and a little goes a long way. Also,it says it's unscented,it does contain fragrance and smells like a bar of dove soap. The fragrance is very mild though so it doesn't interact with my perfume later on.I definitely recommend this body wash,or anything by Dove. They make great products.Foamy,moisturizing,no overwhelming scent. We purchase this through Amazon's Subscribe &" "& Save program to get 15 percent off. We recommend this product.I have very,very,very sensitive and dry skin.  Living in Alaska where homes are typically more dry than the world's deserts doesn't help.  Oh,and we have forced air heat.  Dry,dry,dry...So,I'm pretty tough to please with body washes.  There aren't many that I can use without needing moisturizer afterwards.  This body wash by Dove is one of the few!I love the way this smells; nice and clean and not overly perfumed.  It lathers nicely without parching my skin and,wonder of wonders,I can wash and go!  Thank you,Dove,for giving me five extra minutes to hit the snooze button!This body wash arrived all contained in the bottle and not dripping through the packaging material.  Whomever taped over the dispenser end,thank you!  Please teach the rest of the world about shipping liquid soaps!Nice product + safe and non-oozy arrival.  What's not to love?!?Held in a tall,oval-shaped bottle,this Dove Body Wash with nutrium moisture could best be described as utilitarian but solid soap,an economical cleansing product for the masses. That classic,sweetish smell that comes from Dove's bars of soap is just as pleasant in liquid form; it's a refreshing scent that never goes out of style.Overall,this is a no-frills,thick white moisturizing soap that smells great and gets the job done.Having used Dove soap for years,I was a little disappointed with the body wash. It doesn't have quite the same fresh scent,which I love so much about Dove soap. I wouldn't necessarily recommend the body wash for fans of the soap.I have allergies and my doctor recommends using unscented products that are mild on my skin.  While this does have a mild sent it feels great on my skin and I have not had  any reaction to it. Plus a little of this product goes a long way.All I did was pour a little of this into a wash cloth and used it like I would regular soap. It does not create much of a lather but works as good as my bar soap.This feels nice on my skin. Plus since it is in a bottle I don't have a bar of wet soap sitting on the shelf in my shower.I will use this again.I also tried the Dove Deep Moisture Body Wash. It has a more pronounced scent but feels fine on my skin and works just as well at the Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash. My skin does not react to either product.I am a long-time fan of Dove Sensitive Skin bar soap.  I am of Swiss/Irish heritage and have the combination of light skin,blond hair,and red beard--at least it was red until it mysteriously changed to white.  Any deodorant that is not hypoallergenic causes me discomfort,changing soaps when washing clothes makes me itch,too much sun causes sun poisoning,and poison ivy sends me straight to the emergency room.  So I tend to stay with articles of personal hygiene that work for me.One day I noticed Dove Body Wash for Sensitive Skin and decided to give it a try.  Couldn't be much different from Dove bar soap,right?  And thankfully it isn't.  It is a nice thick body wash that soaps up well and is easy to rinse off.  I also often use it on my hair instead of some expensive shampoo that does the same job at a much higher cost.  That's a trick I learned from using the bar soap one day when there was no shampoo in the shower.So this stuff works great for me.  Keep your eye on the price difference between the bar soap and this body wash.  Sometimes the body wash works out to be cheaper per ounce than the bar soap.Really good body wash. I have been using this brand twice a day for a while now and it's been great. It lasts a good amount of time and largest up nicely. It's got just the right thickness to it. The smell is nice. It would work for both men and women equally. The only thing I wish is that it would be slightly more moisturizing,other than that I would definitely recommend it. This is my go to body wash.For years I have struggled with eczema.  Most body washes contain ingredients that trigger my breakouts,so I usually stick to sensitive formulas.  I found that the Dove Deep Moisture Nourishing Body Wash with Nutrium Moisture is perfect for me!  It is is sensitive enough that it did not cause my skin to breakout,but it kept my extra dry skin moisturized during the harsh winter weather.Dove's Deep Moisture Nourishing body wash has a great scent,appropriate for male and female consumers.  It is a light soap,but works into a great lather,so a small amount will suffice,and you definitely get your money's worth with the 24 ounce bottle.  After using this body wash for several weeks,I have noticed a huge improvement. I can now say goodbye to itchy,ashy,or scaly skin after using this soap.  It leaves my skin feeling soft and smooth.After using bar soap for a few months,I'd forgotten how nice a creamy bodywash could feel in comparison!  I think I'm firmly vowing never to go back to bar soap again if I can help it!This Dove Body Wash is nicely creamy,with an easy lather for the shower.  It doesn't feel excessively greasy or chalky and there's no strongly perfumed scents to the liquid.  Given that I have very sensitive skin,every soap is a new chance for itching and irritation.  Strong scents can give me a headache and many soaps leave me  uncomfortable for hours after showering.  After using Dove's soap for two weeks,my skin feels remarkably better,less prone to itching even in the dryness of the winter,and without any residue left over.I'd happily buy this particular product and use it regularly in the shower.  But,there is one slight problem.  This twenty four ounce container is big,and it's heavy!  It's very awkward to grip it well in the shower--particularly with wet hands.  I'd recommend anyone who buys this consider putting the soap in a smaller dispenser to actually use in the shower--this container is a tad too unwieldy to make it really work well.  Other than that--no complaints!Happy bathing! ^_^ ShanshadI've tried a number of other body washes and they either reek of perfume or they lack the ability to keep my skin moisturized throughout the day. Dove Fresh Body Wash &" "&#8211; and most of the Dove bodywash line &" "&#8211; are hands down the best body washes.Another plus is that it doesn't smell like a men's body wash or a lady's body wash so I'm able to order one body wash for use for the whole house.I ordered this because Dove says it's unscented,so I was disappointed that it does have a scent,and,indeed,"Fragrance" is in the list of ingredients. It's not a heavy scent,and I don't find it objectionable,but all the same,I'd rather there was no scent. It's very thick and does lather up quite a bit,so a little goes a long way. It rinses off easily with no residue left behind,and my skin feels clean and smooth. I don't feel that my skin is particularly moisturized,but it's not dried out either,so that's a plus over bar soap. With the size of the bottle,the fact that a little goes a long way,and the price,this is a real bargain. Considering that the scent is very light,I would probably buy this again.as always  Dove products work great and feel wonderful. good value for the three pack product. It is on my Monthly Subscribe &" "& Save subscription order list so i don't have to worry about running out .I have very sensitive and dry skin - if I don't moisturize at least twice a day,some patches will start cracking.  I have to give Dove credit for this body wash - the NutriumMoisture or whatever magical proprietary ingredient they've got in here did a great job of keeping my skin moist and smooth post-shower.  It lathered decently (not nearly as much as some other body washes of a similar price point,but enough that I felt clean) and was thick and creamy on application.The only real problem that I had with the body was the "unscented" product actually had a fairly strong smell coming out of the bottle.  I can't quite put my finger on it - it's that generic sort of clean,powdery soap smell you often get in body products and laundry soap.  It washes away,so when I got out of the shower I couldn't smell it on my skin.  But when something claims to be unscented,well - I don't want to smell anything at all!This definitely fulfills the promise of clean skin that feels soft and without that after-soap roughness.  It dispenses in an opaque cream that feels like moisturizing lotion but lathers up easily.  If the scent was better (smelled very old fashioned and chemical-like - a 'granny scent' to me),I would have really liked this a lot.  But in the end,scent aside,this is a large size and works as promised.This body wash is very good for dry skin.Does what it says,with deep moisturizing.Very little foaming or suds,but great for shaving legs etc.Rinses off easily but I'm not impressed with the scent.The scent is very weak and mild,but smells almost like baby powder.Good product for dry skin but I'd prefer a better smelling body wash.I use this for my bodyw ash and my face every other day. It's amazing and doesn't dry out those of us with sensitive skin.I love Dove Body Wash and this one for Sensitive Skin is really great.  I couldn't believe how much lather you get for the small amount that you use and it makes you feel ultra clean and soft.  It makes regular soap a distant memory of the past that will stay that way.  I have tried a number of Dove Body Washes and this one is right up there with my favorite.  Fragrance isn't overly strong like some other similar products.  Use this then a bit of lotion afterward and your skin will rejoice.This body wash goes on silky smooth.  My skin really felt moisturized after just one wash.  I had been having mild problems with dry skin,and I could tell a difference immediately after using this body wash.Having skin issues,I have found that this soap is the only one on the market that works for me. It goes on smoothe,no soapy residue and leaves my skin fresh feeling all day!Great body wash for people with sensitive skin.  I've been using this for years and I used to purchase it at Publix or Walgreens but often they were out of it.I routinely buy unscented products because I am hypersensitive to the icky,perfume-y scents that get added to so many personal and household products. (They give me blinding headaches.)  Dove body wash does a good job of keeping my now-dry skin from turning to dust,so when I saw that this particular version of it was unscented,for sensitive skin,I jumped at the chance to try it.Unscented?  Not so much.  Granted,the scent is mild,and fairly unobjectionable,but it has a distinct scent unlike a great many other personal care products which promise that they're unscented and actually mean it.  No,I'm not saying that unscented means scent-free.  I'm saying that when unscented Dove body wash smells exactly like scented Dove body wash,albeit to a lesser degree,then the product isn't actually unscented.That said,let me go on to point out that it really does clean without drying.  I won't say that I notice my skin is markedly nicer after using it,but it's not itchy and flaking,which is a blessing during a Chicago winter.  I can't speak to the hypo-allergenic quality since my skin isn't what's sensitive to additives.This is the best smelling body wash I've ever bought and it totally cleans and freshens your entire body leaving your skin so soft.I have eczema and need as much skin hydration as possibly from a body wash.Have tried Axe products and others,but so far Dove and Olay get my votes as hands-down the best moisturizing body washes that you can get most anywhere.The scent isn't over-powering,it works in easy,and my skin feels like it retains water without getting dry an hour after a shower.That's all I ask from a body wash,and Dove delivers.Previous to this wash I was using the Target brand version.  I was surprised by how much better this Dove brand worked in getting rid of the scaly dry skin on my legs.  It works really well as a shaving lotion for legs. A little of this goes a long way.  It does not lather up a great deal,probably due to the moisturizer.  Did not cause problems with my daughters super sensitive skin.I don't think I will use this during the summer,but I will purchase it for winter use when skin is so dry.I have a hard time finding washes that won't irritate my skin.  This product works well and only a little is needed on a poof to make a lot of suds.  It also rinses off well and doesn't make me feel itchy.I love Dove moisturizing body washes and the sensitive skin is my fave - I can actually shave with this stuff too,it's my fave body wash!Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture Deep Moisture Nourishing,weird grammar on its lengthy title not withstanding,is an excellent hydrating shower cleanser. It has a very slight,light fragrance and is quite thick. You don't need much to get your body covered and the result is a genuinely smoother less arid skin.This is a luxury wash at a very reasonable price and if,like me,you're in a dry part of the country you can't go wrong with this 'nourishing' wash. You got a lot of product for your money and it does what it claims - mild cleansing with 100% natural moisturizers.