how bar soap or body wash gives you healthy skin?.  by cleaning it and removing dead skin.  not dry out.  it can aid in the moisturizing qualities.  they can contain moisturizer to help skin cells replenish.  cleans dirt and dead cells.  clean, fresh.  if it has mosturizing factors. if it contains a moisturizer.  they contain certain ingredients that promote healthy skin.  i use mosture body wash to replenish my skin and make it smooth to the touch and prevent it from drying. the best ones for me don't have much sulfate.  the ingredients it may have healthy vitamins in it that helped.  goes into the skin.  added vitamins and minerals.  moisturizes.  depending on the right product, it can give you a deep clean under a few layers of skin.  cleans away the dead top layers of skin. cleans the skin to remove dirt and oil so that the skin is ready for moisturization. helps remove the dirt and excess oil and removes all black heads.  the moisture vitamins minerals that may be added.  if it has moisturizers and it rinses off well.  moisturizing.  if it's the right balance for your skin type.  use a moisturizing soap.  using a gentle moisturizing brands helps to maintain healthy skin.  smothness.  cleanses.  by using all natural soap or ones with moisturizers.  cleans and moisturizes.  addressing the needs it say it meant for.  i use a moisturizer soap.  by being the right ingredients that go with your skin type. essential oils and moisture.  moisturizer.  the right soap or wash helps give you healthy skin by not stripping it of moisture and by being gentle (no harsh ingredients).  gives moisture.  i use dove bar soap with moisturizer. i also use the dove bday wash. i feel both are moisterizing.  keeps it clean.  it helps to keep the skin moist and not dried out.  if it has added creams for softness.  removes impurities.  it cleans and moisturizes making the skin look smooth and clean, and the skin feels soft and comfortable. depends on ingredients but keeos it clean and moisturizes.  if it has lotions and body scrubs in it that assists with dry skin and acne. some are creamy. moisturizes the skin.  by moisturizing your skin as you wash. has the right ingredients to purify, clean and moisturize.  any good cleaning can clean your skin and keep u healthy if it's a good products.  because it cleans it.  by washing everyday with them. if it doesn't dry out your skin or if it adds more moisture to your skin.  moisturizing.  keep the moisture of your skin, moisturizer your skin.  cleans properly.  possible.  it has moisturizers built into it.  if is creamy and smooth.  depends on what is in the soap or lotion.  exfoliating and clensing your skin is great.  improves hygiene. it cleans all the dirt off your face.  it should be a moisturizing soap or wash.  the kind of body wash or soap that have the natural creams or lotions inside.  it helps to take off the dry died skin.  if you buy moisturizing soap.  providing the skin with the nutrients and hydration it needs. does not contain alcohol or other drying ingredients and leaves a moisturizing barrier. exfoliates dry skin and moisturizes skin with each application.  washes away oil , can moisturizr.  keep it cleansed and moisturized.  dont know.  it helps to provide the oils that your skin can lose during the cleansing process.  by exfoliating dead skin cells, and hydrating the skin. by moisturizing your skin, removing impurities, smoothing bumps and leaving a glow. if a bar soap or body wash can hydrate your skin and provide it with nutrients and things your skin loses as it ages, it can give you healthy skin with regular use. clean the skin.  helps give treatment to itchy or dry skin.  it may provide elements which clean and moisturize skin. by washing with it every day, but it would have to be a certain type of bar(like dove).  cleaning off the day and residue.  moisturize and clean.  keeps it clean and moisturized.  they have to have moisture and hypo allergnic in them.  it cleans all the dirt off the skin making it come back to its natural self. makes skin smooth.  adding lost moisture and gentile exfoliation.  adding moisture to the skin.  moisturizing abilities.  by not drying it out.  needs to have moisutirzer.  protects and moisturizea skin.  it would have hopefully natural ingredients to help with keeping skin soft.  it depends on the product, if the body wash or bar soap has moisturizers in them, then they can help nourish your skin. also using bar soap or body wash helps clean your skin. dove is an example.  gives moisture.  if it has the right moisturizer it helps to soften the skin.  by containing cleanses that are are not harsh on skin and moisturizers that soften the skin. depending on the bar soap, you can use it for your face. ingredients.  because they can moisturizs and exfoliate your skin.  if the ingredients are gentle, nourishing, gently exfoliate, and even skin tone, and they don't strip the skin and cause over dryness which can then lead to more oil production and/or irritation.  if it contains moisturizer.  it's moisturizing and exfoliating.  if it has moistrizing things in it.  it has the cleansers needed to help clarify my skin.  moisturize it.  moistering your skin.  wash and moisturize.  needs to be a good quality one.  because it can clean your pours.  if it contains moisturizing ingredients some alpha hydroxi and urea and retinol a then these components will certainly help.  the ingredients- and using regularly. the ingredients.  keeps it misturized.  if it has moisturizers in it.  moisturizing and non harsh ingredients. it moisturizes my skin very well.  when it is made for the face.  it help you maintain your skin by keeping it clean.  cleanse and moisturize.  giving skin moisture.  if it is natural and chemical free.  it contains materials that help clean pores.  moisturizer.  if the soap or body wash gas natural oils and no chemicals.  by cleansing and moisturizing it.  cleans the oils.  yes.  moisturizes and protects.  by washing my skin to make it clean and healthy.  if they are mild with no astringents and they contain moisturizers.  if it gently exfoliates and moisturizes,.  by the ingredients that it holds.  depends on what it's made out of.  cleans.  if it has vitamins for your skin or exfoliates. a bar soap or body wash can contain ingredients that are calming to the skin. fresh smell and smoothe.  if it has moisturizers in it.  by washing dirt away.  if it moisturzes and does not dry out skin.  when it does not contain abrasive ingredients.  if it has healthy materials to keep your skin healthy.  nourishes your skin.  increases mosturization; decreases the need for an applicator (i.e sponge, loofah).  i have notice a difference in my skin when i use soap with natural products, like milk, oats, honey, ect vs these soaps that contain too much perfumes, they dry my skin. it can contain minerals, exfoliates, vitamins, and moisturizers.  with natural quality ingredients aloe shea butter.  non stripping of essential oils, provides cleansing and moisturizing.  smooth.  softness inside products.  depends on the quality of the product, it can promote healthy skin by keeping it moisturized and effectively cleaning.  do not knoow.  if you use the right wash for your skin, it will keep your skin looking hydrated and healthy. a bar soap has to be white in my opinion visibly it looks cleaner also it has to have a soft creamy lather.  it is all natural no chemicals.  with added moisturizers in it.  with the moisturizer in the body wash/bar soap.  it can contain moisturizing properties.  by providing your skin with moisture and healthy ingredients (maybe fruit-based extracts).  they will have nutrients.  by stripping away oils and dirt. it depends on the kind i like to use ones that have a scrub in it.  moisturized well; if it had something to give elasticity that would be helpful. cleansing and moisturizing.  have moisture.  extra moisturizing.  if it is very moisturizing and doesn't strip the skin or leave a filmy coating.  hydrating soap non drying.  by moisturizing.  by forming a rich lather and applying it to your face/body, and scrubbing gently. moisturizes and makes sking shimmer.  it helps moisturize it and keeps it clean.  moistures your skin.  with moisture ingerdiants.  moisturizing your skin.  exfoliating and moistorazing.  no bit it helps.  washes away dirt.  i use a moistuizing soap.  moisturizer in soap or body wash. if it is a face bar soap like dove it will make your skin smooth.  by cleaning and moisturizing your skin.  exfoliating dead skin & moisturizing skin.  using it on a regular basis.  when showering or bathing using moisturizing soaps.  if it contains a moisturizer/oil it will help the skin to be healthy.  if it doesn't irritate your skin and makes it feel good, its healthy. keeps it clean, smooth and monsterized. rinses off easily and leaves no residue but helps to keep skin smooth and soft.  if it gas moisturizer sensitive skin no harsh additives.  washing it cleaning dirt off.  if it doesn't dry out your skin or leave you too greasy.  it can wash away dead skin cells, and any bacteria you picked up during the day or night. moisturizers.  no irritating additives, and sunscreen protection if possible. if enough moisturizing cream in it.. it can.  adds moisture.  a natural bar soap or body wash can help promote cleanliness and wash off excess dirt so that your skin stays clean and thus, healthy.  keeping your skin clean gets it as healthy as it can.  conditioning.  it's step one which is to remove dirt and unblock pores.  if it contains cream. cleans while moisturizing .  dosent strip skin's natural oils.  by keeping it refreshed and moisturized and preventing drynss.  contains moisturizing infredients.  it helps exfoliate the dead skin and helps it glow. cleansing your skin of impurities.  i can give you healthy skin to a certain extent just by keeping it clean and that's just the beginning.  if it has right ingredients in it.  depending on your skin type, most bar soaps or body washes have moisture or lotion in them. if your skin has enough moisture then you can do without these things.  it keeps your skin clean and removes excess oils and helps slough off the old skin layer. by conditioning or moisturizing if you have dry skin or by washing away excess oil is you have oily skin.  it helps in the process of getting healthy skin.  it can help if it has the right balance of cleaning product and moisturizing product.  if you have acne on your skin, you use an anti-bacterial soap to treat it or if you have dry skin, you use a moisturizing soap. you use what will be beneficial to your skin type. cleans it.  when used everyday.  it washes away the days impurities but leave behind natural nutrients the body produces on it own.  by cleansing, even exfoliating, and moisturizing and softening.  g.  keeps skin from drying out.  by cleaning dirt without stripping natural oils.  by not drying out the skin, not being too rough on the skin. i have no idea.  if it doesn't dry skin out and moisturizes, that would do it. nourishes the skin.  by being gentle on your skin. it washes off the dirt and grime. using a loofah makes sure the dead skin is sloughed off. i use a loofah to remove the dead skin in conjunction w my body wash.  no exactly sure must contain certain ingredients that work.  having the right ingredients.  adding moisture if it contains a moisturizer. keeps skin smooth and soft. it provides exfoliation, nutrients and moisturization. it's gentle on the skin.  no harsh additives.  a bar of soap has moisturizer in it so it helps your skin look healthy.  by keeping it moisturized.  no purfumes,dyes,all natural.  no chemical,s just cleanse the dirt oils away, dead skin away,.  removes dirt and makeup and moisturizes.  n/a.  if its not drying out your skin.  by exfoliating it.  if it has a good moisturizing.  cleans n refreshed.skin.  moisturizes.  cleans.  cleans and moisturizes. because it can rub off the dead skill cells that aren't healthy any more. cleaning it.  it helps clean off any grime and residue.  it keeps your skin clean, and some have added moisturizer.  it can help along with lotion and keeping skin moisturized.  it cleans and moisturizes.  not harsh to the skin.  it goes on smooth, moisterize, and scrubs when going on.  nurtures and moisturizes.  if it is a high quality bar soap or body wash, it will have the ingredients used to combat dry skin, and it will help remove the dirt and germs that cause daily damage to the skin leaving your skin soft and smooth and healthy.  provides the moisture and cleanliness your skin needs.  cleans off dirt.  if it has moisturizing ingredients.  if it moisturizers and exfoliates dead dry skin cells.  keeps it clean, helps smooth it out and less dry, doesnt irritate so less red.  the right chemicals or natural ingredients that are good for your skin. the minerals in the soap. i use body bar soaps with all natural ingrdients that both exfoliate and mousturize. mostrizers.  as long as they have night cream.  it cleans and softens. has added moisturizer.  it can have a moisturizer within it, it cleans unwanted bacteria,.  i like to use moisturizing body wash which seems so keep my skin healthy and keeps it from getting too dry. most soaps and body washes remove the oils that keep skin soft and naturally moisturized.  using moisterizing soap.  gets rid of dirt.  making it clean.  it cleans the skin and underneath the skin.  if it helps you skin get moisture as well as cleaning your body.  it can give you healthy skin if is infused with vitamins or minerals that penetrate into the skin like keratin.  provide a good lather to cleanse the skin. add moisture and not be drying. exfoliate for smooth evenness.  only if the bar of soap is moisturizing. but it also cleanses away any harsh chemicals.  does not irritate it. clean refreshed feeling after.  it depends on the ingredients.  both can. i prefer a body wash. it can be cleansing but also moisturizing. if it has lotion and collagen, by washing regulary.  if there are moisturizers and vitamins in it, it's possible to help. clears out your pores.  it provides long lasting moisturizer and added vitamins can improve the look and feel of the skin. it moisturizes and cleans well.  the ingredients.  bad soap can provide you with moisture to clean and protect your skin. it would have nutrients and things skin needs.  it helps clean away the dead skin and replenish the new skin with nutrients.  because it cleans it just as well.  helps clean and unclog pores.  helps maintain skin balance.  by not removing natural oils and by providing moisture.  have the right ingredients.  it can help exfoiliate.  one that has moisturizer built in to the ingredients.  if it contains moisturizer.  cleans and moistens.  keeping it hydrated.  it doesn't necessarily give you heathly skin but it can help your skin to became healthier by containing special moisturizers to improve  skin smoothness and appearance. soap can be moisturizing.  it can add moisture.  if it has proper nutrients in it.  if it has the right ingredients.  using a good body wash.  by hydrating.  it depends on the bar soap or body wash. they need to be able to properly moisturize the skin and keep it that way. cleansing.  adding moisture to the skin and /or using a scrub to remove any old skin. cleans, exfoliates.  it the saop contains moisture.  does not dry out your skin, makes you feel refreshed yet clean once out of the shower. by moisturizing and clean off dirt oil and dead cells.  keeps skin clean.  with quality ingredients.  keeps it moist and free of bacteria.  these products remove dirt, bacteria, and enhance the natural oils from your skin.  exfoliating dead skin cells. i begin with clean skin.  either bar or body wash gets me clean. it cleans my skin without any harsh chemicals. helps clean away dirt.  makes the sking feel soft and silky.  it can if it's moisturizing. when it contains moisturizers.  it doesn't have harsh chemicals and can exfoiliate with natureal ingredients.  buy the wash having the right kind of moisture balance in it and applying to the skin i can help the look and feel of skin.  by the way it cleans.  protects it in shower, with nutrients and emollients.  by cleaning and moisturizing. ingredients in the soap.  i use a gentle body wash that moisturizes. dry skin doesn't look healthy. cleans the skin without drying it out. it cleanses away all dirt and harmful exposure to the elements we are exposed to. yes.  moisturizing.  if it helps to restore the moisture in your skin.  by moisturizing my skin.  removes dirt and oils from your pores, and provides nourishment for conditioning.  cleans bacteria.  no.  giving it moisture and vitamins, by being natural.  it still cleans your skin.  contains lotions, does not dry the skin out.  it's really important to have a soap that has the proper ingredients in it to moisturizer and not dey out your skini'm.  replenishes moisture cleanses & exfoliates skin.  it adds moisture to your skin.doesn't make your skin feel taut/dry after use. if it is gentle.  i believe if it is a moisturizing soap.  the type of formula promotes healthy skin or may even reform it. does not have harsh chemicals.  depending on your skin type 
buying the right product.  i feel it can keep give your skin the correct moisture it needs.  by having moisturizer in it.  it provides moisturizaton and helps prevent your skin from getting dry.  they make your skin feel soft and smooth after use. cleans it, moisturizes it.  provides vitamin/nutrition and moisture while cleaning.  it makes your skin feel soft and mosturized.  it helps boost the things you are already doing naturally to improve the health of your skin.  it gives your body moisture and it removes dead skin cells.  cleans and moisturizes.  moisturize.  proper moisturization.  clean and moistureize.  if it has a moisturizer, smells good and cleans good. by cleaning you skin without drying effects of alcohol ingredients.  one that contains vitamins, aloe, and other moisturizing ingredients.  bar soaps can contain moisturizers that will prevent my skin from noticeable drying. cleans the bacteria and dirt off your skin and depending on type of soap/wash, will hydrate and keep your skin moisturized. if it has moisturizer in it.  by cleaning and adding in healthy nutienents and softness.  by the ingredients that are in the product.  exfoliates the skin or offer moisturizing ingredients to not dry it out.  it has moisturizer in it. it washes away and dirt or grime that can get into your pores, which in turn would let in more moisture, and your skill will look and feel healthy. use a type with mosturizing properties.  if it has added moisturizers and exfoliants. by having moisturizers in it. it makes the skin stay softer and removes away dead skin. it makes me cleaner so my skin is smoother.  moisture.  exfoliation and moisturizing.  by containing the right products/ingredients.  moisturizer.  cleaning your body.  