how do you get healthy skin?.  washing and moisturizers.  washing your face daily and moisturizing.  soap and moisturizing.  eat healthy, minimize sun exposure, moisturize.  using products that moisturize and protect.  wash and moisterize and diet.  eat right, moisturize, keep clean.  using lotions and products made for moisturizing and anti-aging. moisturie.  spf applications, moisturizers, keeping clean. eating healthy and drink plenty of water and moisturize daily.  shower gels and creams.  drink water and use sun lotion and use washes that moisturize to keep skin feeling smooth. combination of staying hydrated, good bath products, and lotion.  drinkkng alot of water and using good products that don't harm you're skin.  taking care of your face.  body lotion.  moisturizing, sunscreen.  good products.  diet, exercise, proper skin cleansing products.  moisturize, sunscreen on the outside and eat a healthy diet along with drinking plenty of water.  eating right, exercising, exfoliating and moisturizing. washing an cleansing thoroughly and provide moisture as often as needed.  drink lots of water and the right products.  proper amounts of moisture and vitamins.  good products, drinking water and healthy diet.  cleanse daily with a good cleanser.  nourish it with vitamins and moisture. protect it from elements. moisturize.  moisturizing.  take care.  washing your face and moisturizing.  by using moisturizing products.  moisturizing soaps/body washes.  exfoliate.  cleansing and moisturizing. by caring for it and giving it what it needs including a healthy diet.  drink lots of water.  by using the right products on your skin.  health mind body and spirit.  good living no sun lots of water.  diet, exercises and the proper products for your skin type and age.  by using lotions, shaving.  drink plenty or water. wash and moisturize every day.  correct cleansers and creams.  moisture and drink lots of water.  water and goo cleaning products.  eating healthy, using products good for your skin.  eat right, take vitamins, use gentle, moisturizing cleaning products.  proper cleansing and moisturizing.  by taking care of it. using lotion and cleaning it correctly. moisturizer often.  using lotion daily.  don't tan, apply lotion. eating right, using proper moisturizers, drinking lots of water.  eat right, use moisturizer and sun screen.  daily routine moisturizing and cleaning.  by washing it and using cream.  face wash and moisturizing. exfoliating and moisturizing and proper hygiene.  washing and moisturizing daily for years.  eat right, sleep right, live right, stay out of sun.  drink lots of water, good moisturizer , sun screen.  wash properly.  clean daily and moisturize. eat and drink healthy.  moisturizers....lotion and/or body wash.  by applying creams 2 times a day, removing makeup, and washing with proper cleanser.  taking care of it.  eating good drinking lots of water.  i get healthy skin by maintaining good hygiene as well as by moisturizing regularly. washing it daily, but not daily with acne clensers.  by using moisturing lotions and soaps and drinking plenty of water.  moisturize after shower, use vitamin e enriched items. by taking care of your skin with lotions, creams.  cracked, dry, and bleeding.  through moisturizing lotion and soap. drink a lot of water, use sunscreen, shower/bathe regularly, use products that aid in providing important nutrients, minerals and hydration. keep it clean and mositurized.  using products that are not drying and using moisturizing cleansers and lotions. eating right, drinking enough water, cleaning your skin well & moisturizing.  using the right products- a product that moisturizes and exfoliates dry skin.  eating right , cleaning every morning and night- drink water, moisturize.  moisturize cleanse using good products.  dont know.  take care of your skin inside and out.  eating a better diet that encompasses lots of water, fruits and vegetables , regular exercise, lots of water and regular moisturizing . eating right, drinking lots of water and using products with the right ingredients that will achieve the look and feel of healthy skin. by eating properly, drinking plenty of water and getting adequate sleep. eat healthly.  by eating properly, drinking lots of water, and using products than contain nutrients and things you skin needs - things that are healthy for it, and things it loses as you age, like collagen.  keep daily clean and moisture, get away from sunshine and annual check. eating healthy, exercise and using suitable body products.  eating healthily and drinking water, washing your face, removing makeup after wearing it and using products designed for your skin type. by using the right product for your personal skin type.  good product.  regular cleansing & moisturizing.   eating healthy foods always. eat right and stay hydrated. by using good products and creams if needed. clean pillow cases and good food.  use products.  lotion, shower, sunlight, hydration.  lotion.  the right products in your beauty regimen.  washing and moisturizing.  using products that add moisture.  using good moisturizing products.  lotions, shower soaps.  drink plenty of water use moisturizer.  drink water.  eating healthy and drinking water with exercise.  moisturize right after shower.  using the correct products to clean and treat.  daily care.  you get healthy skin by exfoliating weekly, moisturizing daily and wearing and using the appropriate products that best fits your type of skin. lotion.  eating correctly and moisturizing.  eating healthy, exercise and drinking lots of water.  washing and moisturizing. use a skin cleaning product. eat well, get rest, moisturize.  eat healthy and get enough sleep. hydrate.  moisturized and exfoliate.  healthy diet, gentle skin care products that don't irritate skin.  by using the correct beauty products.  i guess by eating right and using moisturizer. maybe medication, using the right products, maybe without perfume or dyes.  lotion and weekly exfoliation.  by using moistrizing lotions and staying out of the sun.  by taking care of yourself.  using the right skin regimen. not using harsh chemicals. taking care of it.  wash and moisturize.  eating healthier choices and limiting the bad products in your skin.  good shower bar soap or liquid, gel soap in shower. good quality.  eating healthy food washing and exfoliating face.  beats me, i guess to exfoliate, moisturize and eat fresh foods, avoid center aisles.  by using products that don't dry out your skin- and add moisture when needed. using the right products.  by moisturizing and protecting it from the sun.  i don't know.  lots of water and good products with nourishing, moisturizing ingredients (less so with combination skin). using good products. taking care of it.  by cleaning it one to two times daily,drinking lots of water and moisturizing. wash and moisturize regularly.  protect from sun.  using a good body wash or soap and lotion or moisturizer for skin. clean with gently all natural products, water.  daily cleansing, taking off make up.  hydrate.  plenty of watee and well moisturized.  moisturize.  cleansing and moisturizing.  wash your face and apply moisturizer.  eat healthy, protect from sun, used moisturizer.  by using the right products and eating the right foods (veggies and fruit).  by using good products to protect your skin.  use none harmful soaps and moisturize.  washing moisturizerizing, exfoliating keeping hydeated.  moisturizing it.  drinking water, moisturizing, not smoking. diet, lotion.  washing vitamins good skin care.  great lotions, soaps & astringents.  healthy skin can be achieved by using appropriate products and sunscreen. good cream.  moisturize yourself in dry weather. drink lots of water. shower after being in chlorinated water. don't use super hot water in shower tubs unless you moisturize after.  washing face with mild soap once a day, with water in morning.  hydrate, moisturize and eat right.  using the right body wash and body lotion.  by showering, by washing your body, and by moisturizing it with a lotion you've found helpful. by using exfoliants or other specialized products as necessary (sun screen, acne treatments, rash cream, etc) eating healthy fats is also important to skin health.  using the right lotions and moisturizers. also using the right type of body wash/soap. staying hydrated and eating the right foods helps as well.  moisturize, wash with gentle materials.  drink plenty of water and don't stay in the sun too long . use body wash that doesn't dry  your skin out.  keep yourself hydrated and moisturize regularly. mosturizing & washing with appropriate washes.  eating right and exercise, by mostirizing daily. exfoliating and moisturizing. moisture products in the bath and lotion.  moisturizer, non drying cleaners, adequate sun protection, healthy food and exercise.  i use dove products i don't even need lotion.  products.  moisturize.  by consistent use of good quality skin products on a consistent basis. use dry skin lotion.  by using the right skincare products: moisturizer and cleanser. eating healthy
drinking water
daily cleaning routine.  using only natural products.  cleansing and moisturizing.  moisturizing.  moisturizing.  using lotion and moisturizing products.  drink lots of water. use the right products. apply products.  by using the right product. by scrubbing and moisturizing well everyday.  moisturize; exfoliate; eat well. cleansing, exfoliating and moisturizing. eating healthy also. lotion.  moisturizer.  using products with moisturizing and anti aging properties.  lotion, hydrating soaps.  by using the right product, using sun protection,.  by washing your face and moisturizing, and by eating healthy. water, water, and more water as well as lotion and creams.  drink water. not a lot of caffeine. eat healthy. moisture daily avoid sun. taking care of it and not smoking.  apply lotions, use a shower gel for moisture . moisture.  using appropriate products on your skin and moosturizing.  by eating good foods, drinking water.  moistorazing and eating habits.  proper diet, cleansing and moisturizing practices.  i use skin care soap, i use astringent and plenty of cream - day cream, and night cream, diffferent strengths for the season.  moisturize a lot.  moisturizer body wash or soap,sunscreen.
and after shower moisturize with cream. my using the right products for your skin type.  by using the right product for your skin type and use it at least twice daily and keep trying one until you find the one that works for you.  good nutrition, sufficient hydration & moisturizers.  add oils to my water.  daily use of moisturizing products and eating healthy.  i use a moisturizer.  using the right products.  eating right, using moisturizers, and keep always clean. using products that dont irritate skin.  cream, moistureizer.  washing it.  healthy diet.  eating right, drinking plenty of water and washing / moisturizing daily. cream and exfoliate.  eating healthy, drinking lots of water, and washing daily with  a non irritating cleanser. keeping it clean and moisturized.  moisturize.  staying hydrated throughout the day, no harmful chemicals in the products i use. continue to moisture in dry weather. and using sunscreen. moisturizing.  drinking water, and washing you face before bed and in the morning.  moisturize.  cleansing, drink water.  by washing, using lotion, and eating right.  eating, avoid sun, hydrate, moisturize.  washing and using sunscreen.  the right soap, and lotion everyday.  eat many raw vegetables, no processed foods, exfoliate and moisturize.  daily care.  exfoliating/shower & lotioning daily (sometimes 2x day) using sunscreen to protedt.  by a good diet and using the right soap.  using good mositurizers.  with good products that aren't harsh to wash it with and continuously moisturizing.  proper nutrition and cleansing products.  maintaining it with cleansers moisturizers and occasional masks.  using good soap and use skin cream.  by using products that fit your skin type.  taking care of your skin with the proper products for your skin type - soaps, moisturizers and the right washing tool ie:  washcloth, sponge or bath puff. but bathing regularly, keeping clean and treating any skin conditions you have, (dryness etc).  staying hydrated, eating the right foods, exfoliating. clean with a not to abrasive product, eat right , drink water, watch sun exposure.  moisturize and use body washes and/or soaps used to fit your skin type.  protect your skin from the sun, moisturize, clean your skin.  with proper care and nutrition.  taking care of you body inside and out. good diet and hygiene.  eating well, staying hydrated and using quality bath products and lotions. you get healthy skin by staying hydrated and eating a healthy balanced diet. use proper products. eat right.  using non drying  soap products and moisturizing ... hydration.  eat healthy foods and use quality products.  by eating healthy food, fruits, veggies.  taking care of your inside which takes care of your outside. drinking a lot of water.  use gentle cleanser. exfoliate when skin appears dried out. moisturize. by keeping you skin clean, vitamins.  picking the right product that works for your skin.  the product won't make it dry or greasy but moisturize and make it feel good. eat healthy. no processed foods and sugars. no soda. use a moisturizer and exfoliate. moisturizing and eating correctly.  the correct wash and lotions.  eating healthy and using correct products.  moisturizers, good diet. ear well, take nutritional supplements and use quality bath/shower products. drink lots of water, keep it clean and moisturized, exfoliate.  drink plenty of fluids, wash your makeup off each night, moisterize. by using boady wash with  moisturizer in it.  by taking care of it.  take care of it.  exfoliate.  moisture.  eating properly.  drinking lots of water and moisturizing daily. keeping it clean and hydrated.  moistizer.  taking care of it.  no tanning good face wash good moisturizing.  taking care of it.  moisturize.  moisturize. cleanser. healthy diet.  keep skin clean and moisturize daily. by showering often and using moisturizer. good diet, avoid smoking, exercise, hygiene.  exfoliating, washing, and moisturizing.  by keeping your skin clean and moisturized. use lotions to keep it looking and feeling healthy.  use products for your skin type.  wash with moisture rich soap and use lotion.  by moisterizing and occasional professional scrubs.  staying out of sun, eating right, exercising,  and using the right products.  by taking care of your skin moisturizinf cleaning exfoliating.  by good hygiene, quality bath products, quality skin lotions, sunscreen, proper diet.  exfoliating and put lotion on every day.  staying hydrated with water.  lubricating the skin consistently.  treating any diseases or conditions that you may have. clean yourself daily.  using correct products for your skin type, i use moisturizing products for my dry skin,.  no clue.  using moisturizing body wash or soap or shaving gel and using body lotions that moisturize.  lotion, moisturizer, cleanser, scrub.  eating the right things, exercise, and making sure the right lotions and such agree with your skin. stay out of sun and clean properly.  drinking water and using a good soap. taking care to moisturize skin.  mosturize.  healthy diet plenty of water in the right skincare products.  using correct products.  wash with organic products and then apply lotions.  moisturizer.  eat proper nutrients, use kind and resourceful products on your skin, use sunscreen, don't fake tan, mosturize, wash daily.  wash with moisturizing bath soaps.  i find that soft soap is the best for my sensitive skin. taking care and washing all the time.  drink lots of water and eat right.  luck and washing face.  keep your skin moitsurized.  using good products.  vitamins, healthy eating and cleaning.  taking care of your overall health.  keep the skin clean and hydrated.  using the right products and drinking plenty of water.  daily cleaning and care. by taking biotin, by drinking lots of water, and by staying away from things that are harmful to the skin like uv rays.  wash face daily. remove all makeup. tone. moisturize. drink lots of water and take care of it.  use the correct products and maintain use daily. a great moisturizing body wash and a great lotion.  hydrate and moisturize.  by taking care of it.  nutrition and good skin care. soap and lotions.  by eating and drinking healthy, moisturizing your skin, and washing it regularly. cleansing and moisturizing and treating.  vitams, good health care.  moisturizing ad eating well.  by eating healthy, drinking a lot of water, using the right care products. diet, exercise.  using the product that works for you.  regular moisturizers, a good diet and vitamins. it depends on your skin type on how to maintain it. good skincare regimen.  proper care.  to get healthy skin you must eat healthy, wash daily and moisturizer twice a day. healthy skin is attained by drinking lots of water, protecting it from environment elements and using a good skin care regime. by drinking water and protection skin from anything harmfuk.  keeping you body washed and lotioned.  washing your face eating right.  maintain a healthy lifestyle and take care of your skin.  eating healthy foods, good skin care.  exfoliation, eating healthy unprocessed foods, moisturizing.  by using moisturizing products and drinking lots of water.  certain products, heredity.  drink water and exfoilate.  a good moisturizing soap.  i don't know.  moisturizer.  proper hydration.  you can get healthy skin but using cleansing and mositurizing products that do not dry out your skin. also drink plenty of water. moisturize.  by drinking enough fluids, eating non processed foods, by moisturizing with lotion, by blotting yourself dry not rubbing. drinking water and using soaps that replenish moisture.  take care of it with proper skincare products.  drink water,  eat right,  get plenty rest, use correct products 4 your skin type.  using the correct products, good eating habits.  moistureizer, sunscreen.  moisturizer, eat properly, use sunscreen.  you have to regularly use the right products to not only was your skin with, but also the moisturize your skin with. you should eat healthy as well, especially healthy foods that are high in a healthy fat like avocados, omega three's can work wonders as well. i'd love to have a magic potion.  keeping it moisturized.  lotion, exfoliating.  drink water and skin care.  using quality products to enhance healthy skin.  taking care of your skin with the propper moisterizing body washes and lotions. moisturize,clean. genetics,too and environment.  caring for it properly.  by using quality products. water.  using good shower gel for cleanliness and moisturizer.  eat a well-balanced diet, shower daily,.  moisterizing and keeping skin clean. eat right!  exercise.  apply moisture product.  shave legs and cream them.   exfoliate where necessary.
stay out of the sun. clean with a moisturizing soap and apply moisturizing products afterwards. keeping it clean and moisturized.  using products with moisturizer in them.  moisturize, moisturize, moisturize!!!!.  by using a good cleanser and moisturizer. moisturizing.  applying the correct moisture balance on your skin.  by cleaning it and moisturizer.  eat right, exercise and protect it in sun. exfoliating and moisturizing. eat drink healthy. lotion on skin. i keep it clean by washing my face at least twice a day with a medicated face wash. by cleaning and moisturizing.  by taking care of your skin daily with products and healthy eating and exercise. is ring proper products and eating well.  moisturizing and cleaning.  a good nutritional diet, exercise, and lots of water, as well as enough sleep. by conditioning it with moisturizers and having a proper nutritional diet and drinking a lot of water. moisturize it.  drinking lots of water, using nourishing soaps and washes, using lotion.  showers.  product moisturizer.  by eating right and using the right products, maybe even heatlher products that are natural.  face wash every night and moisturize daily.  eat right, drink water and use moisturizer.  moisturizer.  exfoliating and moisturizing, exercising, and hydrating. vitamins good moisturizer.  moisturizing your skin, staying hydrated, and using products that retain moisture after bathing and showering. moisturize.  moisturizer.  drink lots of water, use mildly warm water when bathing, and use a moisturizing body wash followed by lotion after showering.  answered this already.  eating right and moisturizing and using good soap.  keeping skin clean and moisturized and protected from the sun.  using the proper products on your skin and face!!! drink lots of water too! stay hydrated.  using the right body wash.  i think by using moisturizing soaps and body washes.  also by using lotion after showers.  i think using face cream twice a day also. by eating properly and cleaning with nutrient rich cleansers.  taking care of it with the right products for your skin type.  utilize moisturizer, moisturizing body wash and cleanser that minimizes oil/dirt buildup without stripping.  taking care of yourself.  by using good products that target your specific needs.  water! drinking lots of it. use lotion, watch everyday w soap or body wash and keep your skin in breathable clothing.  lotion.  moisturize.  proper hygiene and hydration...the right products, especially moisturizing after bathing/showering.  eat right drink water hydrate. mike soap and moistureise.  keep clean and apply moisturizer. by using shower gel with a moisturizing ingredients, and a good cream lotion after shower or bath.  keeping skin hydrated drinking water and using a spf for sun environmental protection.  you get healthy skin by staying out of the sun, by eating properly and getting enough sleep. mosturize, keep clean and free of dirt/bacteria. moisturizer and good cleaners before.  by providing nutrienents , water, and lotion.  by using appropriate products daily.  clean skin daily with gentle products and moisturize.  good soap and good moisturer. it all starts with what you put into your body.  water being one of the most important things. hydrate.  using a moisturizing body wash or body lotion/cream.  by exfoliating if need be and applying body lotion everyday. by taking care of your skin with high quality products and visits to a dermatologist.  with using product daily.  using the right products and healthy lifestyle and drinking plenty of water.  lotion.  drink water, wash with exfoliation and moisturizers.  use the right skin products, eat healthy foods.  moisturizer.  wash face daily use moisturizer use body wash with lots of healthy ingredients.  