how do you know your skin is healthy?.  no spots or large pores.  because it is free of blemishes.  on irritations or rashes.  it has a slight shine to the surface.  if it looks like it flows without any make up.  no dry spots or blemishes.  not dry, not blemished, healthy color.  i can feel it and see it's appearance.  if it is off, then i know there is something wrong and i need to fix it. if it is firm and glowing with out a whitish tint from dryness.  texture and color.  how it feels to the touch as well as how it looks.  when you run your hand on your skin and it feels and looks smooth.  its not so i have to use moisturizer.  by the way it looks and feels.  i dont have healthy skin.  if you take care of it i.  smooth.  by the feel - doesn't feel tight, no brown sun spots, not peeling.  hwen it has good color and is not dry.  my skin glows and i feel good all over.  soft, no blemishes and wrinkles.  it meets my definition of healthy skin. it's not its oily and flaky.  glowing.  when it's soft not dry and itchy. it feels and looks good.  when it feels smooth and not too tight/dry.  by how it looks and feels... if it's comfortable. not itchy  - feels smooth.  i have skin free of any problems.  face glow.  looks good.  because i went to get a facial and the lady told me i have perfect skin.  no dry flakes.  i don't bruise easily, i don't have a lot of wrinkles, no evidence of sun damage. no blemishes. when it's clear and blemish free and not too dry or oily.  it's not dry or oily.  by not having rashes, etc. it's clean even and clear.  when it feels good.  it feels and looks soft, smooth and rested. feels and looks good.  nit flakey and very shiney.  guessing it is.  it looks and feels good. by the feel... it looks clear.  it looks good!  pretty, smooth, comfortable. by the way it looks.  if it looks hydrated and no acne or blotchiness. i suppose it is. when there is no cracks in the skin.  because i do the best i can taking care of it. it feels great and looks great. i use lotion. keep it clean. it's not irritated in any way. looks good and feels good. looks vibrant and fresg.  because i clean it daily and use moisturizing cream.  if it feels good. not oily or flaky. it doesn't itch and it looks healthy and it is not dry.  feel and look.  looks smoothe, no wrinkles, no acne.  i look at it.  it looks good.  it looks and feels good.  not scaly or flaky.  by looking at it.  free of pimples, marks. clear and suply.  i don't know.  my skin is healthy when it does not secrete too much oil and does not feel tight. when my skin is healthy it glows and is soft to the touch. the way it feels.  no patches of dryness.  i don't know, but it feels different not as dry or itchy. i guess by how it feels with no skin peeling or anything else wrong.  when it is not dry,cracked or bleeding.  from the feel and texture. no itchiness, redness, rashes, cuts, abrasions. good skin color. no bruising, marks. soft. color and feel.  no flaking, not itching, smooth and soft feel and appearance. it looks and feels good.  if it is not dry and peeling, no rashes or acne.  clear, soft . no acne, no dry food.  when there aren't dry patches, it has healthy glow and no blemishes.  dont know.  not dry looking or flaky. skin is pliable.  i know my skin is healthy when i can notice a glow that last long after i have moisturized and showered. i will not have to repeat moisturizing several times a day because my skin will hold the moisture . when it feels clean and moisturized. healthy skin is free of any skin problems, it looks glowing and it feels smooth. if it is moisturized and not flaky.  when my skin feels soft, hydrated (not dry to the touch, not itchy and flaky) and looks an even skin tone and bright, i know it's healthy.  my skin is smooth without any itch nor rash. the way it feels and looks. (if it's not itchy, or dry).  i can tell if it is healthy if it is clean and well moisturized, not flaky. my skin feels moisturized.  good color, not dry.  looks good.  i am not itchy and there are no blemishes visible. looks nice and feels good.smooth shiny and looks healthy.  my skin is fairly healthly. a little dry. i have no rashes and no acne.  by having a glow and not being itchy, as well as not having cracks in my skin because of the dryness. feels soft.  it feels smooth.  it has a soft glow look.  its not flaky.  when it's soft, smooth, not dry.  no dry spots or blemishes.  when it's not dry.  feel it.  looks smooth and feels soft.  you don't see dryness or appear itchy.  glowing, smooth, not red or discolored.  when it has the effortless look of even tone, firmness, brightness, & flawlessness about it. i can tell if my skin is healthy if my pores feel and look clean. i exfoliate atleast once a week and i make sure to moisturizer daily. no flakes. or pimples.  mosturized.  feels and look smooth with no blemishes.  when it feel soft and moist. and free of break outs. it has no blemishes. feels good, looks good.  when i don't have to think about it!.  look/feel.  because i use moisturizing body wash and lotion daily. if it's radiant and has an even skin tone and doesn't look irritated or overly dry or overly oily. its not perfect but i have no acne.  i don't know because my skin is not healthy.  its more on the dry side.  when there are no issues like psoriasis, dry itchy skin,.  it is not itchy, clothes don't snag, no flakiness noted.  you could tell its healthy by its look and feel. you can see that it is bright and free of blemishes.  free from harsh chemical use. soft. not dukl.  looks and feel.  not dry not oily.  looks and feels good.  healthy looking.  because i don't have major acne or spots and my skin is soft.  i dont.  my skin is not itchy all the time- it is not too dry or too oily. it is not dry.  when it's not dry and flacky.  i have no skin problems. when it looks and feels nourished and free of dead skin cells. my skin is healthy because i have no marks and it is moisturize all the time. blemish free and smooth.  because it's smooth, clear we'll moisturized. no marks.  just by looking in the mirror and how your skin feels. texture, moisture.  its clear and radiant.  when it feels silky.  not sure.  it doesn't crack or break easily.  looks clear and does not itch or burn.  if it has a glowing effect and soft touch.  when it feels smooth and moisturized. i don't think my skin is healthy... its very, very dry. because i wash and lotion my skin regularly.  soft, good color ... healthy glow.  looks good feels good.  it does not feel especially dry or flaky, has a nice color and looks very hydrated. when it's soft and not irritated and without pimples. by it's appearance.  look an feel.  the way it looks & feels.  i know my skin is healthy because it feels smooth to the touch and when viewing in the mirror, i can tell that it is healthy. not dry.  your skin is not dry and scaly.  by sight and feel.  no dryness, no oily areas, smooth with no visible large pores.  from the way it feels and looks!.  i don't know if it is. i guess if it's moisturizers and not cracking or flaking. it shouldn't be itchy if it's healthy and should be free of blemishes.  i use lotion daily as well as sunblock when necessary. i also wash with gentle cleansers nothing to abrasive. if it is not dry.  by the look.  i wash and moisturize often. perfect no, healthy? i would say so. fewer breakouts, less "combination" skin (equal balance of moisture).  when i mostirize, and eat right and exercise, i consider my skin to be healthier in the summer then winter season. it has a glow. it feels smooth and soft.  nice color, elastic, moist.  normal not dry.  i dont know.  moisturized.  if my skin has the characteristics that i described above, that would tell me the health of my skin. do not knoow.  i moisturize a lot and eat the right foods to keep my skin healthy. it's soft and smoot and visibly clear.  by using natural products.  how it looks.  if it is not dry or itchy and has no blemishes.  soft, not dry and cracked.  healthy skin doesn't itch or look dry and flaky.  when it's not too dry and feels great. free of illness.  it's doesn't itch. when its not dry and flaky and it feels soft and smooth.  when it is not dry and scaly; when my coloring is fine; when i think there is a glow. when it is soft and not dry.  sight.  normal to dry.  if it is healthy, glowing, free of fine lines.  doesn't look dry or cracked. if your skin is clear, radiant, smooth.  my skin glows and is clear from me eating the right foods and using the right products for my skin type. when it doesn't itch from winter dryness.  not flaky, i dribk a lot of water. not a lot of exposure to sun. i use all natural make-up and wash it every night.  the look and feel of it.  no flaky not dirty.  look color and texture.  i don't.  no sores, not dryed, soft.  because i take care of it. i keep it clean, remove makeup at night, moisturize and take vitamins.  i use pump soap and water then astringent on a cotton pad to remove any dirt or grime that washing did not remove. it feels good.  it looks healthy and soft. my the touch and look of it.  by the look and by feel.  observation.  looks nourished.  free of blemishes, flaky skin.  when it feels moist and is not dry and flakey.  sometimes its very dry and flaky and red so it's not healthy at times. i have no dermatological conditions and my skin is normal. no flaking, no abscess, skin discoloration, itching or abnormalities. if it doesnt feel itcy.  clear no itchy.  because it is clean.  it looks pretty good, just a little dry in spots. i can tell by the color and firmness. it is worry free. not dry or itchy or flaky.  it will look clean, clear, and not rashy or red or blotchy. if it is clear of acne and blemishes and well balanced between oily and dry. supple and moist skin; no acne; break outs; or rashes. i keep my skin moisturized and apply spf 30 sunscreen when i am in the sun. feels good, soft... when it's not dry and has acne on it. it feels smooth.  doesn't feel too tight, less wrinkles.  when my skin is clear and soft. hydrated, smooth, balanced, even toned.  i don't think mine is.  i check my skin everyday, for any signs of dryness or changes. even skin tone, clear pores, no flakes.  it's not dry or flaky. looks and feels soft & radiant.  by the way it looks and feels.  wrinkle free and glowing. looks healthy and feels healthy.  i try and use good products when i wash and i make sure to lotion one or two times a day. if the elasticity is still there.  if you could see you have a healthy glow and you're not dehydrated.  looks good and feels good.  when it feels good.  looks and feels good, smooth, moisturized, supple.  no itchy feeling or rough patches. i know its healthy due to the feel and appearance of it, no itchy or redness. it is  hydrated.  supple, no redness, no blotches, no scalely spots.  from the feel of it. no breakouts, use high spf when in the sun. when it's not broken out or dull.  if it had a natural glow, soft surface, and virtually blemish free.  not flaky, itchy, dull, prone to breakouts or irritations. you know your skin is healthy if it is soft without any blemishes or dry spots.  feels good looks good.  smooth, soft skin.  by how it feels.  i have never been told i have unhealthy skin.  i don't have allergies, or any permanent blemishes, my skin is not dry, and not oily, normal skin. if it feels smooth and isn't dry. doesn't itch or flake. soft to touch. not a lot of crows feet type wrinkles.  buy taking the steps in which to promote healthy skin.  by how it looks and feels.  healthy skin shouldn't be itchy, dry or greasy. i probably don't have as healthy skin as i could. the look and feel of it. no acne our pimples.  no red patches.  smooth not dry. when i dont have extra oily face or dry patches.  when i look in the mirror and like what i see. when my skin doesn't look dry. skin texture is great, smooth and soft. not to oily, not too dry and i have no acne.  not dry, no acne. when it looks and fells good.  if it is not dry and not too oily.  when it's soft and moisturized.  its all of those things above.  when it's not blotchy,spotty.  not itchy, smooth, right color appearance, no blemishes.  no blackheads or dryness.  feels soft not oily but hydrated.  not itchy or dry.  by the way it looks and feels.  appearance.  looks clean n refreshed.  see above.  looks and feel.  feels smooth and not dry or flaky. i know my skin is healthy because i don't have to constantly moistureize it. feel, good diet, look,.  it feels refreshed and moisturized not greasy.  it does not feel dry or itchy, it feels soft. there are no marks or blemishes. no itching or rashes.  the color and texture.  no scaly or powdery look.  i take care of my skin.  and i have te doctor look at it. by feeling and looking at it.  the touch and look of it.  when it doesn't feel dry or flaky. when it has that glowing look. i don't think my skin is that healthy.  doesn't have blotchiness or rash.  pimple free and soft.  when it is soft and supple.  it's cleanand clear.  when it's not dry and is smooth soft and glowing. smooth, no blemishes, even color.  not itchy, no brake outs, looking smooth and glowing. i dont.  when i have no blemishes. when i have no breakouts. 
it is soft. its not.  by the feel n textures.  very shiny.  it's well moisturized, blemish free, clean, soft (and of course cancer free!).  soft and not cracking.  it is soft, clear, natural looking.  use moisturizer when it feels dry. healthy skin looks smooth and feels smooth.  its not dry or flakley.  when i do not break out or peel.  my skin could be a bit more softer.  no acne.  i don't have any rashes, blemishes, my skin can use any kind of lotion without breakouts.  by looking at it.  if there are no break outs or excess oil.  i wash and lotion frequently. my skin is tight, moisturized and strong.  by the appearance. how it feels. i drink a lot of water so that it makes it healthy, but also the look and feel of it is healthy.  soft, not dry. no acne. no peeling or flaking. no white dry areas.  by feel and appearance.  i know it is healthy when it is clear and feels silky.  feeling and appearance.  when it feels soft, does not dry or break out with acne. feel and sight.  when it is smooth and not itchy.  when it is moisturized and blemish free.  when my skin isn't greasy, dry or breaking out with eczema i know it's healthy. it is glowing, has no acne.  by how it looks and feels.  the way it looks and feels. if skiing feels smooth to the touch and is even it is healthy. it's not dry or oily.  feels good.  i base my skins health based on the products i use and what i put in my body. healthy skin is a combination of the right products and health foods. i would gauge the health of my skin by its texture. if my skin is dry and itchy, then it's not healthy. i do what i can to take care of my skin. my skin is a dry, but there is no discoloration or sores. my skin doesn't flake or feel rough because it is soft and smooth.  no recent breakouts or clogged pores.  my skin is healthy because i constantly take care of it. i moisture it everyday. not dry or cracken.  because there is no dandruff coming from my scalp, no flaking from the rest of my skin, it is not overly oily and it is soft and smooth to the touch.  it's not itchy or dry or dull.  no acne, not overly dry or oily.  by a glow.  good color, moisturized not dry and wrinkled.  i don't know.  if it doesn't look dry and inflamed.  if it's not dry.  when it feels soft and looks radiant.  the feel/the view.  when it feels smooth to the touch. doesn't look dry and flaky has no marks . it takes little time to maintain and you use less products.  you can see healthy skin. i have all of the above. i'm always guessed 10 - 15 years younger than my age. which i'm surprised,  because i used to be a sun worshipper!.  i don't suffer of any allergies and i can use most all beauty products.  appearance.  glowing and one tone, doesn't flake or itch.  you know that your skin is healthy when you properly take care of it. you have to moisturize regularly and eat healthy foods. i only think my skin is healthy because of limited sun damage and not many blemished. my skin is normal color, not overly dry or greasy and i don't develop rashes from different products that i might try. smooth, soft.  itchy and dried out.  feeling the texture.  requires less maintenance because your skin is healthy. feel as if you are glowing and that your skin is naturally moisturized. not dry, flakey or itchy. few blemishes, i moisturize daily & use a night cream. feels soft to touch,not dry.  by looking at it and feeling it. yes.  the way it looks and feels.  if i have no breakouts and my skin is elastic, it feels healthy.  it isn't cracked or damaged. it also has a smooth silky feeling.  no breakouts, rough/dry patches or oily. even at my age, my skin can look sallow or lifeless.  i prefer to have some smoothness and some softness to the touch.  i'm not sure which products can do this...we women try so many.  the aging process changes nearly everything!  a balanced diet is a key component. when i don't have any unusual issues with my skin, when it shines and is not duel. i know my skin is healthy because it is cleaned regularly to help keep it clear and moisturized.  no blemishes.  it's not dry, feels smooth. if it's not itchy, dry or flaky.  good elasticity, no wrinkles, not dry or sun damaged.  healthy skin seems less sensitive too harsh products and coldness.  by the way it looks and feels.  it is very soft and silky to touch. when it looks and feels it best.  soft smooth no rashes no dryness no cracking no shafing.  when it is clear.  when it is free of blemishes, dryness and the tone of the skin is even.  by the condition it is in. when it is clear.  it feels soft.  you can see and feel the difference. i know that my skin is healthy because it is not dry and breaking. when there are no dry patches and i get compliments. when the complexion is clear, soft and not dry and flaky.  because i keep it clean, eat and drink the right stuff.  lack of excessive dryness no eruptions.  when it not dry.  how it looks and feels and lack of blemishes.  not dry, eating right.  when it feels soft to the touch. not dry, good color/tone, soft. i can feel it!.  if it isn't flaky, dry, or dull to the touch. moisture.  i don't have acne or redness.  by look and feel.  when it feels smooth and looks even toned.  because it is smooth, clear and has good color.  looks radiant.  when my face has a natural glow.  if it is not dry.  i think because it feels smooth and soft to the touch.  there are no patches if dryness.  also it has a nice glow to it. it is soft, not chapped,. again, not to dry not to oily, a glow??.  snaps back, not dry or itchy.  you wouldn't be breaking out, your skin would be clear.  its soft and not too oily or dry.  if i'm not breaking out and my skin isn't feeling too tight or dry or itchy.  gives me a feeling of freshness.  it is not flaky or blotchy.  no breakouts, no dry patches, no flaking.  when i am comfortable.  no blemishes not ,dry or itchy, even tone.  it's clean and somewhat hydrated. when my skin is luminous and smooth.  there are no signs of dryness. i know that my skin is healthy because i wash it daily with a gentle cleanser. first by the look (not dry or red)
second by the glow of the skin (not greasy)
third firmness of the skin and no visible blemish or markings. when there are no blemishes and the skin is soft and smooth to the touch.  because the skin feels soft and looks silky.  by the way it feels and by the way it looks.  no irritation or marks, healthy glow.  it's not dry or cracked.  i think you can tell by the way it looks and feels.  has a smooth feel and good color.  when it is soft and has a slight glow to it. when it is moist and has a nice glow.  by the way it feels and its overall appearance.  the way it looks and feels.  my skin is not completely healthy as it is is a little dry and dull.  glowing look.  my skin is clear and moisturized for the most part. when it is not dry, cracked, itchy; smooth to the touch.  the way it looks and feels.  when it feels soft smooth not dry or oily.  