how do you maintain healthy skin?.  keep it clean and moisturized.  washing face and moisturizing skin.  daily routine.  eat right, moisturize, minimize sun exposure.  continue usin products and eat right and drink water to maintain elasticity.  diet.  wash, moisturize, cleanse.  by using said products every day. moisture.  shower and moisturizer.  eat healthy.  yes.  creams twice a day.  use lotion throughout the day. i don't stay with same products too long, when skin adapts to it, it doesn't work as well.  drink water.  washing my face, exfoliating, and mosturizing.  body lotion.  staying out of the sun, sunscreen, daily moisturising.  staying clean and using products that dont dry out skin.  diet, exercise, proper skin cleaning products.  following a daily cleaning, moisturizing regimen. the same way you get healthy skin. cleansing daily, moisturizing daily, taking precautions in the sun.  using right products hydration and housing piper moisturizers.  keeping it hydrated.  taking good care of yourself from the inside.  daily care.  keep up a good routine in the bath. eat well. get enough sleep. mosturize.  moisturizing.  regular care.  washing and moisturiing.  with a healthy diet.  exfoliate once or twice a week, use moisturizing body wash and follow with moisturizer.  regularly cleansing and regular moisturizing. protecting the skin from the sun. eating wel staying hydrated and cleansing and moisturizing.  drink lots is water.  by doing the same thing daily. health mind body and spirit.  water good soap/ wash moisturize.  stick with a regimen of eating good foods, drinking plenty of water, exercising and have a regular skin care routine.  using lotion.  drink plenty of water and wash and moisturize every day. use sunscreen.  lotion every day.  moisturize and drink lots of water.  use good cleaning products.  dialy attention.  proper diet and use of proper products.  continue to engage in the routine that works best for the individual. proper skin care.  sticking to a schedule on cleaning your face every day.  moisturizer.  lotion, lotion, lotion.  moisturizer.  drink a lot of water. eating right, washing at night, using creams and moisturizer each day.  eating right. using sunscreen.  constant routine.  by using the right products.  face wash and mosturizing. moisturizer and lotion and showers and exfoliating.  washing, moisturizing daily and drinking plenty of water.  eat, sleep, live well and clean your skin every day.  stay healthy, drink lots of water, good moisturizer.  wash daily.  moisturize and eat and drink healthy.  always use moisturizers.  doing the same i just mentioned before.  taking care of it.  eating good drinking lots of water lotion.  moisturizing daily and maintaining good hygiene is important. washing it in the shower daily with soap and water.  by drinking water and using moisturizer.  have to put lotion all every day and night. creams body wash that has lotion in it going to the dermatologist.  lotion,soap or shower gel.  by constant lotioning, moisturizing, and exfoliating. drink lots of water, bathe regularly. use body washes, soaps and lotions that provide skin with important nutrients, vitamins and minerals. spa recommended cleaners and moisturizers.  continuing to use products that are gentle and moisturizing. same as previous answer.  using good products daily.  eat right, drink water, not lots of sugar, clean morning and night.  stay moisturized, cleansed, use good products.  dont know.  eat a proper diet, stay hydrated and moisturize.  continue on the regimen of diet , exercise and moisturizing . continuing on a healthy regimen for ones skin. it's about consistency. eat right, drink water and good products will not only help one to get healthy skin but also maintain it. i drink plenty of water, moisturize often and take vitamins. eat healthy.  by eating a healthy diet, drinking plenty of water, and continuing to use products that maintain healthy skin and provide nutrients and other things your skin loses as it ages. clean, wear lotion twice a day.
alreays wear sun block during day. 
see dermatologist every year. eating healthy, exercise and using suitable hygiene and body products.  i eat healthy foods, drink a lot of water and use skin products. by using the right product to bathe and the right type of lotion/cream.  eat right, vitamins, lots of water, good products.  healthy foods and exercise.   moisturising. keep it clean and moistuixed.  once you have it the way you want then keep with same products.  you have to use products to keep it clean and soft.  keep up with whatever you are doing to have health skin.  lotion.  continous use of products and healthy lifestyle.  wash and moisturize daily.  using products that add moisture.  use good moisturizing products and continue use.  by taking care of it.  drink water and use moisturizer and exfoliater.  drink water.  taking care of oneself.  moisturize daily.  following a cleaning regimen.  everyday care.  you maintain healthy skin by taking care of your skin. as a girl it is important to take your makeup off every night. it is important to use the right products for your skin. mosturize.  using products.  eating healthy,  drinking water, exercise,  and getting 7-8 hours of sleep.  cleaning and moisturizing. daily cleansing. continue wih these practices.  do not rub or tug on skin too much. use gentle products.  sunscreen. moisturize and stay hydrated.  i use lotions and moisturizes and exfoliate daily.  good diet, good hydration, gentle skin care products that don't irritate skin, periodic exfoliation. wash my face twice daily and use some face cream.  again, by eating right and using moisturizer.  using the right products when you are suppose to use it.  lotion, drink lots of water.  keep applying lotions and eating well.  being healthy overall in your care of your lifestyle.  lotion.  keeping it clean.  wash and moisturize.  by washing daily and mosturizing well.  good body lotion.  washing face twice a day.  dont go to sleep with makeup on, dont eat junk food, avoid working in greasy restaurants. wash once a day with a mild soap and moisturize.  using the right products for your skin type. continue use of the right product.  moisturizing everyday and drink plenty of water to keep your skin and body hydrated.  conditioning the skin.  water and a regular regiment of cleaning, moisturizing with ingredients like salysillic acid or vitamin c or some retinoid. taking a daily shower with good soap and lotions. cleaning and moisturing.  cleaning it, eating and drinking healthy foods,and moisturizing it. take good care of your skin as previously mentioned on a day to day basis.  by using a good body wash, soap and moisturizing lotion or body oil. moisturize daily.  daily cleansing.  lotion.  moisturized, water.  moisturizer.  cleansing and moisturizing.  washing.  eat healthy, protect from sun, use moisturizer.  a healthy diet and the correct products.  by bathing and moisturizing regularly.  wash with area appropriate cleansers, ie face or body washes for bathing.  routine washing moisturizing exfoliating and keeping hydrated.  use a moisturizing cleanser in the shower and use cream after showering to keep the skin smooth and soft and healthy.  drinking water and moisturizing. washing and lotion.  same as before washing good skin care.  a good cleansing/washing routine.  maintaining healthy skin involves moisturizing, not using products that are too harsh and using sunscrenn. not sure.  moisturize yourself in dry weather after bathing in hot water. after being in chlorinated water.  washing once a day.  same as last answer.  using the right products and drinking a lot of water.  follow a routine of washing and moisturizing. avoid harsh chemical products. eat healthy fats or get healthy fat oils via supplements. don't pick at any scabs or rough patches. no scratching!.  eating right and using the proper lotions and body wash.  moisturize your skin often.  use a good skin lotion and use it every day.  stick to a routine. continued daily mosturization and proper hygiene with the correct tools.  daily moisturizer and drink plenty of water. daily regimens.  drink lots of water and apply lotion.  moisturizer, non drying cleaners, adequate sun protection, healthy food and exercise.  dove body wash.  products.  exfoliate, mositurize.  by maintaining a skin care regimen daily. using lotions daily.  moisturize every day.  showering
drinking water 
eating healthy.  cleansing and moisturizing on a regular basis.  eat healthy, cleanse and moisturizer daily.  drink lots of water and put moisturizers on.  moisturizing daily and drinking water.  use sunscreen and lotion.  drinkers of water. eat right. use the right product.  apply products and stay out of unhealthy environments.  washing it with the correct product. i use oatmeal in my shower gel and scrub i also use epson salt for a good soak and as a scrub.  exfoliating, moisturizing, eating well. moisturizing, exfoliating and cleansing.  applying lotion each day after bathing staying out if sun iruse sun protection.  moisturizing.  stay out of the sun, eat well, drink a lot of water, use moisturizing and anti aging products.  scrubs, lotions.  putting moisturizer and lotion everyday.  by eating healthy and always washing your face before bed and in the morning. lotion and water.  same throughout your life as how you get it. by taking care of your body and eating healthy foods.  appliy lotion use products with moisture.  using the right soaps and lotion.  continue with the routine.  eating good food, drinking water.  eating the right foods.  again cleanse and moisturize. eat healthy.  i use a regimen of soap/astringent/night cream/day cream/blemish stick - and facials on regular basis.  at home facials. moisturize daily.  always use moisturizer and sunscreen.wash
makeup off ,.  by using daily products that suit your skin type and wash your face.  wash daily and apply moisturizers as needed.  good nutrition, sufficient hydration & good skincare.  use daily lotions oils and serums.  daily use of moisturizing soaps and creams, use of sunscreen and eating healthy.  i have to keep applying moisturizer.  use good products that you know work on yourself. as described earlier.  stick with one product that works for you.  moisturizer.  cleaning it daily.  keep it clean and eat well. same as last question. drink plenty of water. use product, soap gel cream, that is right for your skin.  daily cleansing with non irritating body wash. continuing to keep a skin care routine.  moisturize.  i use gentle products throughout the day, i take vitamin e. i wash my face 2-3 times a day. moisturizing.  keeping your hair and fingers away from your face.  moisturize, use sunscreen.  use good products.  eat healthy, wash often, moisturize, shave, be healthy in general!.  eat well, avoid sun, moisturize, hydrate.  washing and using sunscreen.  continue using the products that make your skin feel and look good.  eat many raw vegetables, regularly exfoliate and moisturize every time you're in water.  daily care.  maintenance is the key !  daily exfoliation, and moitturizing.  moisturize the skin,   keep it clean, eat healthy.  moisturizing lotions.  continuous moisture and protection from the sun. continue to eat healthy and maintain cleansing schedule.  keep up with your regimen.  washing daily and using skin cream morning and evening.  by using products how ever many times you may need them. also eating right.  using the right products for your skin type and changing if need be with the seasons if you skin does change seasonally. using the proper products to maintain the balance of your skin type.  moisturize and staying hydrated. follow regime of eating right, drinking water, washing properly and avoiding too much sun.  moisturize and take showers daily and drink lots of water.  protect from sun, use cleanser daily.  by washing every day and moisturing.  healthy diet and hygiene.  drinking lots of water and using quality bath, lotion products. you maintain healthy skin by staying hydrated and eating well. routine.  using moisturizing soap and moisturizing with lotion.  eat healthy and use quality products.  eating a balanced diet, with the right amount of fruits, veggies and i drink green tea every day, all day long and i drink about 32 oz of water a day or more. drink more water and moisturize.  wash with gentle effort. no hard scrubbing. stay out of sun. use moisturizing lotion. by following a certain regime that works for you.  by usuing relaible products that are proven and tested and choosing the ones that work for my skin. eat healthy. moisturize and exfoliate. eating right and moisturizing.  have a daily routine with products that work.  washing with the right products and eating the right foods.  good diet, moisturizers, sun block. maintain skin care regimen, nutritious eating habits, vitamins, and skin softening bath/shower products. drink lots of water and maintain a good cleaning/moisturizing regime. same as the way you get it.  cleanliness, plenty of fluids. drying skin good when getting out of shower.  by having good skin care habits.  keep it clean by washing it and keeping it moisturized.  i don't know or it would be.  drinks lots of water.  eating properly, clean with healthy soap, no chemicals.  moisturizing daily.  clean.  use moistuizer daily.  by using the correct products.  eating right good face wash and good moisturizing.  good products.  moisturize.  daily cleaning routine.  good hygiene, clean often and moisture often. by showering often and using moistureizer.  good diet, avoid smoking.  continuing to exfoliate and moisturize.  by keeping it clean and moisturized.  continue to use lotion and moisturizers.  use products for your skin type daily.  lotion after showering.  moisterizing, dematologist, professional body scrubs.  eating right, exercising, and using the right products.  come up with a routine that works for you.  continue a healthy skin care regiment.  lotion every day.  regular bathing. good soap and body wash. good lotion, moisturizing. eating health. drinking a lot of wate.  daily showers.  apply lotion after shower, cream and socks on feet overnight.  washing.  using the precious mentioned products daily.  rountine of cleaning exfoliating and moisturizer.  eating right, drinking plenty of water and putting the right substances in and on your body. same ad before.  cleaning it daily and eating healthy foods.  moisturizing my skin daily and using products that control acne.  mosturize.  drink plenty of water in the right skincare products.  use a night product. before bed.  same as getting healthy skin... redundant question.  continue to moisturize.  keep up with good hygiene, mosturize, use soap and water, maintain healthy diet.  wash daily and use lotion. by cleaning every time.  drinking lots of water.  washing.  use moisturizing bodyh wash and lotion.  taking card of if.  cleaning my face everyday and lotions.  by keeping the skin clean and hydrated (moisturized).  by keeping an active lifestyle and taking care of yourself.  frequent washing, lotion, vitamins and eating properly. keeping up with a routine that is healthy for the skin like natural lotions/oils.  tailor skin care regimen to season or as needed. drinking lots of water and moisturize.  daily use of the appropriate products for your skin. moisturize!.  hydrate moisturizer, limit sun exposure.  by using proper soaps and lotions.  continue to eat and drink properly.  wash and use lotion daily.  by eating and drinking healthy, washing regularly with the right products. cleansing and moisturizing and treating.  vitamins, lotions.  drink water and moisturize.  it's hard to do. sometimes my skin is healthy and other times it's not. clean eating, good healthy habits.  washing it.  depending on your skin type (dry, combination or oily), it is important to achieve a consistent level of moisture. taking care of your skin.  proper care.  to maintain healthly skin you must be diligent with your products. maintenance of healthy skin is best achieved by using moisturizers. drinking water and using products for dry skin.  washing skin and applying lotion.  a lot of water to drink and healthy food.  moisturize everyday, clean every day. eat the right foods, use proper skin care products.  eating healthy unprocessed foods, exfoliation, moisturizing, showering daily, making sure to shower after sweating from workouts or being in hot weather. by moisturizing.  gently cleansing, facials.  exfoliate, exercise and drink water.  daily moisturizing.  moisturizer. eat good. vitamins.  exfoliating and moisturizing regularly.  using proper products.  moisturize and drink water.  moisturize.  by eating healthy, drinking fluids, using lotion. the same.  cleanse and moisturize.  see previous question - it's a lifestyle,  not a routine.  some is genetics,  but you can compensate with a custom skin care product regimen. trying to have a healthy life, eating healthy food, drinking water and moisturizing my skin.  routinely apply moisturizer.  moisturizer, not too hot showers, sunscreen.  you have to be very diligent in your routines and use the proper products and eat the right foods regularly. it is a constant battle, but one well worth it. eat right, drink water, exercise, exfoliate, moisturize.  keeping it moisturized.  washing, exfoliating, moisturizing.  water and skin produts.  continued use of good products.  having a regimin using products that you believe will give you healthy skin. moisturize and clean often.  regular washing, cream to soften, medicine if needed.  by using quality products all the time. healthy diet.  same answer as previous.  you shower to remove dirt and other bacteria, you eat right, you avoid over exposure to the sun.  use spf protection.  read the block before this. continue to keep my skin clean with a moisturizing soap and apply lotion on afterwards.   keep out of the sun. quality face wash and moisturizer and make up.  products with moisturizer.  moisturize each & every day. showering regularly and using moisturizer. exfoliating and moisturizing.  no harsh chemicals - use sunscreen.  keeping skin hydrated.  keeping it clean. take care of it, moisturize and eat well.  exfoliating often and moisterizing.  eat drink healthy.  lotion twice week.  vitamins.  by washing my face twice a day.  using toner, and moisturizing.  i wash my face at least 2 to three times daily with products such as bar soaps or body washes  and use moisturizers with sunscreen protectors.  try to eat healthy. eating well and continue to use the proper products.  clean and moisturize.  a healthy diet, exercise, sleep, drinking lots of water. daily moisture.  mosturize it.  you maintain a daily routine of cleansing, scrubbing and moisterizing.  being clean.  product.  keeping it clean and eating well.  same as previous response.  eat right, drink water & moisturize.  using moisturizer after every wash and when you feel your skin drying out.  exfoliate, moisturize, and drink water. eating right, exercise,  moisturizer, vitamins.  using products that increase moisture in your skin.not taking very hot showers/baths. moisturize.  keep it clean, eat healthy.  lots of lotion in the winter, drink lots of water, cleanse well.  answered this already.  eating right, moisturinzing and using good soap.  wash daily and use products in and out of the shower that keep skin moisturized and radiant looking.  with the proper products you need to use the prouducts on a daily basis.  use the right soap and lotion.  i believe using lotions daily.  using sunscreen in the summer. also using moisturizing products when you shower.  eating healthy and exercising. i eat a healthy diet and use dove. contiune to to what your skin needs.  utilize lotions, clean regularly but not too often, not scratch/itch.  keep what you're doing.  using good products to clean your face.  washing my face before bed and drinking plenty of water. keep a routine to moisturize your skin.  keep it clean and moisturized.  moisturize.  hydration, proper diet, moisturizing.  drink plenty of water  moisturizers and mild soap.  keep hydrated.  using:  skin moisturing gels, lotions creams topically
            hydrating by drinking plenty of water
             using a spf for sun protection.  i maintain healthy skin by trying to stay out of the sun, by applying sunscreen when at the beach, by eating properly and getting a good night's rest.  i am sure to care for my skin by washing daily and applying a moisturizer on my face that contains an spf of at least 15. keep a consistant patterns and continue to clean and moisturize daily. continue to use moisturizing products and good cleansers.  drink alot of water, wash with a non drying soap or liquid soap and put on lotion.  by using appropriate products daily.  continue to use gentle products & moisturizer daily. stay away from the sun as much as possible.  by moisturizing. healthy diet, exercise and moisteration.  continue to apply mosturizers.  apply creams or lotions and don't expose yourself to too much harmful rays from the sun. keeping up with moisturization everyday. maintain by using products for healthy skin daily and a vitamin regimen.  clean more than once a day.  use right priducts healthy lifestyle and drinking plenty of water.  using loofahs for dry skin.  drink water, follow the exfoliation and moisturizing  regime.  continue to use the right skin care products for your skin type and eat healthy.  moisturize.  keeping it clean.  