how do you know your skin is getting healthier with every shower?.  i dont.  my pores care closing.  not dry.  i have no idea.  it feels softer and tighter.  not dry and flaky.  don't know.  i can see suttle improvements. i don't know.  feeling refreshed and vibrant.  as long as it doesn't feel dry i feel it's healthy.  it feels smooth and stays that way for a good portion of the day.  i use body wash with moisturizer in hopes it will help my skin.  it won't dry easily as you'll feel moisture from bath products.  because ny eczema doesnt get worse and my skin is soft.  with every shower my skin looks better.  not flakey.  the feel -feels moisturized.  if it feesl moisturized when i m drying off.  i never have acne.  not flaky or peeling. i do not know that. less flakes, less dryness, not oily or shiny.  you not as dry after shower.  feel the moisture in my skin.  if it doesnt feel dry and scratchy.  skin feels smooth when i get out of the shower.  seeing and feeling improvment. it's clean.  i don't.  softer.  i dont know..i wash and dry and moisturize.  i make sure to use soap with moisturizer.  looks and feels moist.  i don't think showering increases the health of one's skin. it cleanses the skin which is a good part of overall health. flakiness disappears and its smooth.  no dryness.  because it gets better with each use of the product. glows.  useing the right soap / wash.  it feels comfortrable (not flaky , dry or tight).  it is smooth and not dry.  softer.  i dont.  you can feel the difference between healthy and non healthy skin.  if it feels soft, not dry or flaky.  i don't know how to tell.  less itch, feels softer.  by the way it feels.  its starts to clear up look hydrated and it shines. not sure. because it is being moisturized.  because i use hydrating products and apply moisturizer after. i don't know. it feels good.  reduces lines and wrinkles and by touch.  because the body wash i use cleanses it and moisturizes it.  i don't really know.  i don't know for sure but it doesn't get worse.  my skin is healthy. i know it's staying healthy because it doesn't change.  i was it well and treat it with moisturizer after.  if it is soft, no blemishes,.  skin feels healthy.  feels less dry and feels smooth.  it looks better and feels better. by texture.  noticeable improvement.  because i'm cleaning it.  when my skin begins to regain elasticity i know it is becoming healthier. i can tell the difference before and after my shower.  by using a moisturizing product.  i don't.  but if i use moisturizer as soon as i dry off, i can feel the difference.  sometimes taking too many showers will dry your skin out and sometimes it will be flakey.  it would be softer.  by the amount of lotion needed to moisturize it. color, the feel of the skin and softness.  stay oil and acne free and doesn't flake from dryness.  visible signs getting better such as cracking and flaking and and soft feel of skin and smooth feel and look of skin. it looks and feels better.  soft and smooth.  improvement in softness, dryness or less oily.  i dont.  dont know.  you start to get a better glow.  after the rinse , if my skin becomes tight and almost squeaky then i know all the moisture if gone. if after i take a shower, i can debate whether or not to moisturized rather than it be automatic i know that i am headed in the healthy direction. when i need less products when i get out if the shower to make my skin soft. i don't have an answer for this. not sure how to know it is getting healthier. it is soft and moisturized.  if i noticed improvement in my skin feel (soft, hydrated, not dry or itchy), and i noticed it feeling firmer, moisturized, and bright and radiant, i would know it was getting healthier with every shower.  i feel fresh after shower. any itch or rash dispear after shower. less itchy, less dry.  it feels supple and well moisturized. each time i shower my skin feels softer.  not drying out, not red.  feels moisturized.  the skin in moisturized and clear from blemishes. feels moist  not dry. clean and fresh.  my skin is starting to be less dry with all the items i am using.  after it dries, does it seem to crack or is the cracking not there anymore. softer and smoother.  it feels smoother and blemishes are reduced. getting clean and enough moisture.  it feels moisturized.  if you use good moisturizing products.  it stays the same. when it doesn't require asmuchmousturizer.  don't.  smoother feeling.  it feels soft and smokth.  taking good care of it with the right products. when it loses its dull dry look that age gives it over the years.  it is important to clean your skin daily. with every shower, bacteria comes off your skin. dead skin cells and bacteria may clog pores. if it feels soft.  look vibrant.  the way it feels.  i think cleaning the skin makes it healthy but i'm always looking for products to improve skin loom and feel. it feels smooth and less blemishes. moisturized, clear and clean feeling.  if it feels soft, not dried out or flaky. not dry.  because of the body wash that i use.  if it's less irritated, softer and more supple, and skin tone is more even.  if you had pre-existing skin conditions, then i would look for less irritation, calmer skin, and more balanced. i don't no if it is or not.  it depends on the body wash i use.  it has to have moisturizer in it. when your done with your shower and you are not itchy or your skin is less red, or less patches.  i don't have to put as much lotion on during the day.  it starts to look and feel better.  it is clear of marks and blemishes bright.  i dont.  keeping clean.  not dry. not oily.  u can feel the difference and see the shine. hair should be resilient.  not too dry.  because it clears up.  i try to scrub away any pollution particles from the day and rinse well.  it gets softer-.  it feels smoother with more clarity.  if i am moisturizing.  i don't know. i don't. it only gets healthy with moisturizing and gentle ingredients. i use good soap while i shower.  you look great and not dry.  because your cleansing it.  it gets moisturized.  by the feel and look of skin. does not feel overly dry.  it becomes clearer or feels cleaner.  when it is softer.  texture.  i don't.  retains moisture and feels soft.  i do not.  it does not feel dry, itchy, or irritated. i don't think it is. because i can feel it being cleaned by good products and glowing after i shower.  it gets moisturized while you wash.  radiant not flaky.  how smooth and soft it is and not itchy as if it were being dried out. i don't know. depends on how dry u r after.  feel washing every time.  it feels hydrated & fresh.  my skin feels smoother. i dont.  your skin is soft and supple.  how it feels.  no itching. smoothness.  from the way i wash it. if you don't feel your skin is itchy or dry or tight afterwards. your skin should feel smoother since you've washed off the dead stuff.  i don't know if my skin does get healthier with every shower. i don't really change my body wash so i think it basically stays the same.  if my skin isnt dry after i dry off.  by the feel of it.  i don't, i can only assume if the condition of it stays the same. less itchy/dry; better mosturized.  depending on the type of soap i use. i try to use moisturizing soaps. those that contain milk, almond ect. i stay away from zest and high perfumed soaps that dry my skin. it is not as dull. if my skin product provides moisture i feel that my skin is getting healthy.  skin is easier to wash, less lotion needed for moisturization.  smooth no lotion needed.  products.  smoother, moisturized and even tone.  because after shower, my skin is soft, glowing and fresh. after drying off my skin remains moist. do nit know.  i use all natural bar soap that cleans and smells nice without chemicals that would harm my skin. i don't really.  by the way it feels.  it's cleaner.  you don't need to moisturize as much.  appears more soft and supple.  stays soft and moisturized.  less dry.  apply products.  it feels soft to the touch. by scrubbing off dry dead skin and moisturizing well.  because when i get out of the shower, i my skin looks nice and i scrub away the best i can dry skin. i dont!.  dryness after.  softer.  when i don't see any dryness when my skin dries off after a shower.  softer, more hydrated looking.  by using a right shower gel or bar soap.  i always cleanse and wash it thoroughly to remove any impurities. depends on the body wash used. if ths skin doesn't feel dry after shower, the body wash kept skin hydrated.  softness.  less frequent blemishes and not dry.  softer and smoother looking.  moisture, no flakes.  the demographics of your skin change for the better.  i don't think it gets healthy with showering, i think it gets clean and refreshed from showering.  i think it's gets healthy from the inside - what you put in your body. by the softness and moistorazation it feels.  because i use moisturizing body wash, i loofah the dead skin off. i really don't - other than how i "think" it looks and compliments or comments i receive from others.  not dry.  i use body wash feels soft. my the look and feel of it.  by seeing an improvement in the color, texture and appearance.  it would feel increasingly supple & moisturized.  i take care of my body.  skin looks moisturized and feels moisturized.  when it feels moist.  the products you use. if healthier is referencing to a smoother and silkier skin, then i will use these parameters as my skin is getting healthier. it feels smoother.  feeling smooth.  its clean.  i have no idea. i don't really know. i don't have to use as much cream to make sure it is hydrated enough.  if you had dry, flaky or blotchy skin, after your shower it should look clean and clear. if it does not break out and i don't need to moisturize.  feels softer and more supple/moist. i use soaps that do not contain too much added fragrance so it doesn't irritate my skin. the soap keeps my skin soft and glowing. softness and smooth feeling.  your skin feels clean and healthy.  if it doesn't feel dried out.  feels soft.  when my skin feels smooth and clear.  not sure but i'd know how it would be becoming unhealthy!.  because i take care of it.  skin condition will clear up.  it's smoother from exfoliation in the shower.  i use cream or organic soaps & additionally use body cream afterwards. looks and feels softer & silky.  it doesn't feel dry and itchy after the shower.  not sure.  it feels smoother and looks smoother also. no blotches or dry spots.  you have less breakouts.  feels soft and smooth.  you can see results after the specific amount of times you use the product.  i can feel that my skin is refreshed and moisturized and smooth. less dryness.  i make sure to exfoliate every time i shower to get rid of all the dead skin. hard to tell.  if it feels more supple.  i don't. with proper care.  when you can free the days dirt and grime washed off.  feels firmer, softer, moisturized and looks good. i don't. feels good refreshed.  skin stays soft.  by its hydration.  because i take care of my skin, i moisturize and i'm very clean. i have no idea.  not flaking or itchy.  i'm not sure.  by which products i use.  you can feel when you try a new product that something isn't good for your skin right away, whether it's a soap or shampoo. when that happens i feel that i have to rewash my hair or skin before exiting the shower. i don't know that it is. but i guess just washing it and using a loofah to exfoliate the dead skin helps. i don't. by appearance.  blemishes redness and other spots disappearing. not really sure.  can't tell day-to-day but, over time, if dryness dissipates, i feel it is healthier. skin feels softer and smoother and conditioned after each use of shower gel or soap. smoother and more moisturized.  i can't say that i do. when it not look as dry anymore.  if you feel clean when you get out.  how it retains moisture.  i don't.  it feels soft.  clean with oatmeal lavendor soap, from vermont, not filled with all sorts of chemicals.  feels clean.  no breakouts.  i dont.  by the appearance.  by washing it.  youdon't.  the more moisturized and plump and glowing it looks.  tge way it looks and feels.  depending on how it feels.  if it was dry that it doesn't feel dry or flaky any more.  if there are blemishes, if the blemishes disappear or remain. because i don't have to use as much moisturizer.  cleaner.  it gets soft and moisturized and looks younger.  by how my skin looks and feels. feels and looks refreshed.  if you skin is moisturized.  feels nice.  i don't know.  watching it glow and not dry out.  if it changes and is becoming softer and clearer.  it is less dry. my skin starts to improve by becoming less flaky and more shiny and has that healthy glow.  because it takes the dry skin off.  it's a combination of good soaps and body wash and lotions.  it doesn't feel touch or dry and crackly. i dont.  it doesn't feel tight.  i don't.  when it feel soft smooth and moisturized and glowing.  its not as dry or scaley. smooth, soft.  feels good, not itchy, looks good. i dont.  honestly i dont know. less break outs.  less flakes.  feel the difference after the shower is even during the day.  i have golden  skin.  it's soft and beautiful and smooth.  getting softer and less dry skin.  i shower daily and make sure to use a soft and kind face cleanser to clean my face.  im not sure about healthier. but it does feel clean which in turn makes me feel better and healthier. you can see it every time you take shower.  stays moist.  by the feel.  i dont really know.  i don't.  it is clear of any blemishes.  healthy is healthy.  no such thing as healthier.  when my skin isn't dry coming out of the shower.  i don't know. i am not sure that my skin is getting healthier with every shower.  feels good after a shower. not irritated. because you are washing away any chemicals that might harm it.  increased moisture and softness. i am confident by the way my body wash makes me feel while i am washing and after. i also apply lotion after every shower.  less dryness.  when there is no longer dry skin.  soft clean feeling. less wrinkles and drying.  because i use products to make it soft and moisturized. if my skin feels moisturized and smooth to the touch.  when it feels better.  when it feels more moisturized and blemishes are decreasing. honestly i don't know. sometimes the shower dries my skin out and other times it's fine. i dont.  by how it looks.  when i get out of the shower it feels increasing softer and smoother. it feels smooth doesn't get irritated.  i don't know.  i can see more firmness and less wrinkles when i use specific products. i also take preventive measures such moisturizers after the shower and sunscreen. i have no real way of knowing this other than relying on what i see. if my skin looks and feels moist after using a product, then i would think it's helping the health of my skin. if i felt clean and hydrated after the shower. not itchy or like my skin is tight.  because i'm getting rid of dead skin.  hopefully you wash and cleanse really well other wise you'll be oily and have breakouts.  because you can see and feel a clean feeling.  feels smooth, looks good.  exfoliation, removing dead skin, moisturizing skin.  by using moisturizing products.  the feel, glow.  by a pink glow.  by the soft feel and look.  you don't. if i come out of the shower and its not red.  unsure.  when your skin continues to stay smooth and not become dry and flakey. the feel/the view.  by the smooth feel. it appears moisturized and can without extra creams.  i take care of my skin daily. there's a nice healthy pink exfoliation glow & it feels "springy" & "dewey".  if is soft and smooth.  feel.  less lotion used afterwards.  by the way that it looks and feels. you won't feel an itchy and/or tight feeling. your skin will instead start to look and feel better. just feeling clean sometimes is good enough.  not sure how to answer this question other than to say my skin has not changed over the years. looks / feels healthy.  see visible signs, glowing.  soft.  the feel when leaving the shower.  do not feel as if you skin is dried out from the shower. your skin does not feel tight, dry or itchy. cleaning & moisturizing removing dead skin cellls.  clean skin is best. i use quality products. appearance.  if it doesn't feel dry.  because you are cleansing it - and it is added nutrients to your body. my skin glows, it looks younger, firmer. i cannot answer that.  healthy skin doesn't necessarily come with showering.  i do not relate clean with healthy. when it radiants afterwards. my skin has improved over time and become less oily and cleaner. it's not dry or broken out.  the smoothness lasts longer & longer. if it doesn't require more moisturizer as time goes on.  by getting rid of the dead skin to allow moisture.  it doesn't feel as dry tight and itchy afterwards.  it's look and feel.  it no longer is dried or irritated. by using shower gel and moistrizer.  never drys out.  the way it feels. when it feels moisturized and clean.  by seeing the results over time. no sure.  its clean.  i don't know about skin getting healthier from taking a shower.  i'm sure some products are more natural and nourishing than others. i'm not sure.  when i use a quality body wash.  it becomes more moisturized. i don't know, just hope so.  i dont.  thats a good question, maybe when you feel its softness.  if it is improving in cleanliness, dryness, and blemishes going away.  moisturizing body wash.  it is not as dry and flakey as it used to be.  not dry.  it looks better!.  if my skin doesn't feel tight/dry afterwards. very hard to find a shower gel/soap that doesn't make it feel this way. would be great to have more moisture in my skin particularly with winter's harsh temperatures approaching. less dry.  i dont.  it'll feel healthier, more moisturized less dry.  not sure a shower can improve the health of your skin. i believe it has more to do with healthy living habits like getting enough sleep, wearing sunscreen, using moisturizer and drinking water, etc. because it stays the same.  not dried out.  when my skin feels refreshed.  it is more moisturized after each shower.  it feels moisturized. it does not feel tight. it feels smooth and silky.   it does not feel dry. it remains soft. the feeling of drynessand or oilness.  feels less dry, oils are minimized, smells refresher.  if your using a moisturizing soap and my hot water.  its soft with a nice glow.  smoothess.  it doesnt feel rough and its is moisturized and brightened.  it would be moisturized and soft.  i've never really thought about it, i guess if it doesn't itch, burn or flake from dryness.  does't feel tight after towel drying.  the feel not dry or itchy less flakey.   smooth and silky feel.  increased moisture. when with each day my skin looks and feels soft, smooth and moisturized. i supposed that it may not be getting healthier but i strive to keep it as healthy as it is by washing it daily. keeps it's mostiure and firmness.  no dry elbows or legs.  if the skin is not is dry.  buy the products that i'm using.  see or feel improvement in skin conditions (ie if skin is dry you can see or feel a difference while using a product).  it gets softer.  you would start to see your skin looking smother.  would have a dewy apperence.  does not appear as dry.  feels softer and looks healthier.  it is being moisturized by your wash products. by its feel and texture from the products being used.  it feels and looks better.  because you can feel it is softer and more supple and has a better color/glow  to it.  when dry skin is less.  more glow to it ~.  it's not as dry or itchy.  feels soft and smooth not dry.  feeling the zest softness clear smooth looking radiant.  