what is healthy skin?.  smooth and soft.  skin free of blemishes.  no irritations.  skin that is not dry, is soft to the touch, not a lot of cracks or wrinkles. skin that feels soft and has a nice glow to it.  glowing even skin tone.  soft, moisturized, non-blemished.  skin that is not dry, has a golden glow, and is not wrinkled or leathery. skin that is not dry and seemingly glows.  skin that is moisturized and clean. free from skin disorders, soft and clear with minimal wrinkling.  smooth, not flaky or bumpy or rasht looking. skin that is not dry -- looks smooth without any blemishes. it's not dry, cracked, or flaky and it's soft.  not to dru or too oily skin no skin cancer.  not dry clear skin.  not dry.  moisturized, has that "healthy glow", good color (not ashy).  skin that feels good, not dry or itchy.  look fresh and glows.  glowing skin that is dirt-free.  soft.  ski that is soft, smooth with no callused, rough or dry patches, and it doesn't flake. looks clean, free of black heads, no oily or greasy looking, free of dry skin and flakes. has elasticity and shine.  soft not itchy. even toned. clear and glowing.  balanced skin tone no blemishes not too dry or too oily.  clear bright glowing moisturized &  soft. nice glow - soft skin.  normal skin free of rashes and eczema.  shinny, smooth.  glowing, blemish free, radiant, hydrated.  healthy skin is smooth, free of blemishes and not oily.  moist smooth, even toned, soft.  skin that is soft,  supple,  and toned.  clear, smooth, blemish free and perfectly moistureized.  not dry or oily. healthy skin is not having anything wrong with your skin.  clear radiant skin.  clean soft and moist.  skin that is soft, smooth and has a glow. radiant, soft, smooth.  fresh looking, glowing clean skin.  clear, clean, not to dry or oily, no pimples or black heads, even tone.  healthy skin is hydrated, wrinkle free and has no medical issues. clear of blimishes and glowing.  clear, not dry, not oily.  spotless, all one color, moist, smooth, comfortable (no itch). not oily but not too dry.  skin that does not have acne, dry skin, discoloration etc.  skin that is not dry. healthy skin is smooth.  not flakey and not oily.  looks taken care of.  not too much tanning not a lot of imperfections.  skin that looks and feels soft and clear. skin that is vet well hydrated.  hydrated clean 
moisten.  clean, not dry or irritated.  not flaky or red or dry. smooth not oily.  skin that is moisturized and looks healthy.  elastic , moisturized, glowing.  skin that glows and is free of blemishes.  hydrated, soft, smooth, no blemishes, glowing,.  clean.  soft, not dry or itchy.  smooth to touch. even color, smooth, not dry, no wrinkles.  smooth, moistured.  suple, clear and smooth.  clean clear soft skin.  healthy skin glows and is soft to the touch. looks healthy, no acne, no dark marks.  not dry looking and soft.  dry skin.  smooth, having no problems with any bumps, pimples or blackheads.  soft bright looking skin.  skin that is cleaned, washed, and exfoliated.  skin with no signs of rashes, infections, breakdown. good color. no acne, not dry or oily.  smooth moisturized skin. blemish free, not oily or dry.  smooth (moisturized skin).  clear, soft  skin- boil, no flakes.  moisturized, healthy color, no blemishes.  dont know.  skin that looks and feels soft.  healthy skin is moisturized skin that is clear of cracks, bumps or flakes. healthy skin has a shine and sheen to it that doesn't require the use of heavy oils to obtain. healthy skin feels soft to the touch but can hold up against tears / abrasions. healthy skin is plump and full. skin that is hydrated, soft to the touch and has afresh glow. healthy skin is skin that looks and feels good. it is not itchy or scaly. moisturized and glowing.  skin that is hydrated, bright, radiant, firm, not wrinkled.  even skin tone. smoothness, no rash, no itch.  smooth, moisturized, clean, clear.  skin that is not too oily or too dry and doesn't have any type of skin condition. moisurized, soft.  it is clean.  clear smooth & pimple free.  free from breakouts, not flakey or red. very smooth and shiny,no wrinkles or pimples,same color,no blemishes.no dry skin.  skin that is not dry or oily and has no rashes or acne on it.  healthy skin has a natural glow to it, smooth, not itchy and has no cracks of dry skin. not dry, no blemishes.  moisturized and blemish free.  perfect balance between dry and oily.  no blemishes, smooth and soft.  skin that is not overly dry.  moist, soft, smooth.  not dry or blotchy.  mouturized.  not dry, oily or rashy.  smooth hydrated skin.  moisturized, soft skin.  glowing, smooth, blemish free.  healthy skin is skin that maintains a glow that looks flawless and even. healthy skin is skin that is motorized daily. healthy skin may appear blemish, scar and wrinkle free. in order for skin to remain healthy it is important to exfoliate dead skin cells that may clog pores. not dry or oily.  not dry or damaged.  clean, soft with a glow.  clear clean smooth moist skin is healthy skin.  smooth and glowing skin is (in my mind) healthy skin. clear, moisturized, no blemishes, balanced.  clear, blemish free.  glowing. not dry.  well moisturized.  free of blemishes, good moisture balance, even skin tone, radiant.  skin that is not oily no dry.  healthy skin is not dry or oily.  smooth, no wrinkles, not dry or flaky, non-itchy,.  smooth, no dryness, even coloration.  smooth and good coloring of skin. no scals or cracks.  skin that is clean clear and bright.  hydrated. glowing. supple. smooth not dry or oily.  not dry not oily.  skin that looks radiant and breathes with little pores.  not oily not too dry.  skin that has a glow to it, clear and soft.  clear from acne, doesnt flake, isnt discolored or patchy no calcium spots. it should have fine pores with a smooth texture and sheen.  skin that is not damaged- not too dry or too oily. soft and undamaged.  soft skin.  skin with no problems.  smooth, hydrated, clean look and feel. not dull or grayish. skin that is not dry and looks clean. skin that glows and is not dry.  skin that's smooth and clear of blemishes and not dry or flaky. smooth.  bright, moisturized, no acne or breakouts.  clear, clog free.  free of blemishes, shiny, not dry or oily.  hydrated.  well moisturized, drinking plenty of water, .not too muxh sun  expoaure.  not dry or rough.  not broken out, or rough, dry or inflamed. no wrinkles, minimum acne scars.  moisturized, even toned, non-itchy, non-irritated. skin that is glowing and looks fresh.  skin that is cared for and hydrated by good products.  moist, soft to touch, no sloughing or cracks. radiant looking not dry or oily.  skin that has a nice glow to it and is soft and hydrated. skin that is hydrated and soft free of any irritation. moisturized, glowing, soft.  clean oil free smooth.  fresh, smooth, clear & beautiful skin that looks & feels great.  healthy skin glows and does not have excessive red spots, blackheads, and pimples. eating right and taking care with lotion.  not too dry. is able to create its own oils to keep moist. skin free of blemishes, not too oily or dry.  balanced non oily skin with a certain glow.  skin without blemishes, blotches, pimples etc. moisturized, not too dry but not oily either. skin that isn't dry and is nice and smooth. skin that is well taken care of with sunblock and moisturizer. moisturized, non dry skin, clean skin.  smooth, soft and radiant.  supple skin with small pores and even tone. healthy skin is mosturized w/out being overly oily. clear and even tone. to me healthy skin is skin that glows, non dry skin. soft, moisturizers, and glowing. glowing and soft skin.  soft, resilient and glowing.  not dry,vibrant.  looks and feels soft.  well moisturized and glowing.  soft,supple,intact with no open areas and with even tone. normal to dry.  moisturized, smooth with healthy skin color. clear skin with a smooth surface.  clean fresh and blemish free.  skin with no blemishes or spots.  skin that is well hydrated with no blemishes.  skin that is smooth, soft and supple.  moisturized and glowing skin, not dry or flaky.  not dry. moisturized. glow. free of illness, mousturized.  skin that is not itchy/flaky, and feels soft to the touch. skin that glows and absorb body cream without drying it out.  skin that is not dry and scaly looking; skin that has a glow; skin that is not discolored. healthy skin is skin that is not dry or oily and is well maintained by cleansing and moisturizing. non dry  smooth.  looks to have a glow
not oily.  skin that is moisturized, youthful, bright, and even in tone. hydrated soft skin.  if your akin is glowing.  skin that glows naturally from eating well and taking care of your skin by washing and moisturizing it properly. skin that glows, doesn't itch and doesn't require every day lotion becuase it's not so dry.  moisturized well hydrated nice glow. no blemishes, not dry, has a nice glow to it.  soft. hydrated , smooth looking.  looks good, not dry,.  healthy skin is administering to all the needs of your kin.  few pimples, soft, clear pores.  healthy skin is soft , not dryed,.  clean clear not scaley or dry.  clean, clear and glowing.  moisturized not dry.  clear soft no breakouts not dry mosturized. clean frsh no blemishes.  skin that is clear with no acne and has a glow to it - not to dry or to oily.  vibrant, clear & moisturized.  clear smooth skin.  even toned, supple and moisturized.  skin with good color that is not dry and flakey. free of rashes, irritations, etc.. free of any dermatological diseases with normal pigmentation. skin that is free and clear of blemishes.  normal to dry.  skin that is taken care of.  skin that is an even color, and not very dry or cracked. clear, vibrant skin. it has a nice glow. no acne. no dry flaky skin, eczema or irritation. soft.  skin that is free of lesions or flakes.  it should be smooth and bump/pimple free. clean, clear of acne, and well balanced between oily and dry. clear and moist skin. skin that is well hydrated, and little to no sun damage. soft looking.. not dry and scaly.  healthy skin is skin without acne, no dry spots and has a natural glow. skin that feels smooth.  not too dry or oily, no acne.  skin that has no pimples, not dry, not oily, just natural fresh and glowing!.  glowing, hydrated, balanced, clean.  unblemished and clean.  healthy skin is no signs of breakouts, irritation, scaly skin. no redness, no flakes and moisturizer properly.  smooth skin.  healthy skin is soft, clean, clear & vibrant!
without blemishes or dry patches- well nourished & glowing!!!.  it is soft, supple, clean and fresh and natural looking. skin that is clear and refreshing looking, free of blemishes, glowing.  skin that has moisture, not dried out, it is smooth and wrinkle free. properly hydrated with a healthy glow.  no break outs, a healthy glow, and hydrated.  no blemishes 
not too dry or too oily.  skin that glows and feels soft.  looks and feels moisturized, no rashes.
supple and smooth. skin that is smooth but not oily or dry.  healthy skin is skin that is hydrated, nice and clear and without blemishes. smooth,no flaking,subtle glow.  it's well moisturized, good elasticity, good coloring, and no wrinkles. clear, normal complexion. free of acne, blemishes. no sun damage.  not red, or broken out, has a glow, no fine lines. blemish free, well moisturized, youthful looking skin. strong, vibrant, elastic, soft, moisturized and attractive. healthy skin is soft, smooth, and hydrated. clean clear not dry.  moisturizer soft skin.  healthy skin is well hydrated free of dryness, cracking lesions 
or excessive oil production.  free from blemishes, not dry, not oily.  skin that isn't dry or cracked, hydrated. soft with no flaking, no dark spots or wrinkles.  clean, shiny.  healthy skin is soft, not dry or itchy and has a uniform tone. skin that isn't dry or flaky. has a healthy glow. pink, soft, not cracked or dry. clear clean and shiny.  skin that is not oily or dry.  not dry, not itchy. as blue emish free as possible. skin that is smooth and soft to the touch. not too oily, not too dry, no acne.  not dry, no acne. when your skin is not dry and the no cut for the razor.  clear, clean, radiant, glow.  clear and clean.  smooth soft good pigment.  clear,glowing and radiant.  what.  vibrant looking without signs of dryness or flaking. hydrated non blemish.  not dry or itchy.  skin that is smooth and refreshed.  acne free smooth skin.  healthy skin is radiant skin. healthy glow.  not dry, not oily, well moisturized, plump, not sun burned.  clean glowing  complection.  healthy skin is smooth with no blemishes and neither dry or flaky or too moist or wrinkled. healthy skin is skin that is not dry or skin that is not constantly itchy. soft, moisturized, smooth, clean.  no blemishes, moisturized not oily. soft, clean, and refreshed,.  skin that is moisturized, not dry looking. skin that looks and feels soft. healthy skin is skin that glows.  skin that is clear and moisturizer without problems.  soft, not scaly.  skin with no itchyness, breakout and dryness, (when it's not excessive).  skin that is not too dry or oily. skin with enough oxygen, not wrinkly or have breakouts.  smooth clear moisutrized.  glowing, soft, not dry or flaking, free of sun damage.  skin that is not dry and ashy looking. no dryness or rash or blotchiness.  looks hydrated.  soft clear skin.  clear, clean, soft, moist.  moisturized skin.  smooth, soft, moisturizers, glowing. smooth, clean, even toned.  glowing, healthy looking skin. not breaking out or covered with blemishes.  nice clear tight skin.  moist, soft, not itchy, acne-free.  smooth non flaking skin.  flexible soft free of disorders natural glow.  one that would get care as soon as possibility, no wrinkles.  healthy skin is well taken care of skin. 

ie well moisturized, blemish free, clean, soft (and of course cancer free!).  soft skin and that doesn't peel or crack easily.  healthy skin is smooth, natural tone, clear complexion, not dried out or fake tanned, etc.  soft soap body wash. herbal essense shampoo and conditioner.  healthy skin is smooth, with no breaks in the surface.  smooth.  not to oily or dry.  healthy skin is moisturized and smooth.  clear skin.  smooth, no blemishes, no breaks in the skin, no rashes no dryness.  skin that does not have any rashes, peeling, or infections.  to me it's glowing, non oily, not dry skin.  using the right products and drinking plenty of water can give you healthy skin. clean and blemish free. healthy skin is skin that has its natural elasticity, natural keratin layers, and has the ability to repair itself if damaged.  soft,  smooth, moisturized. even toned. bright. healthy skin is normally colored, soft and smooth skin. glowing, soft, acne free.  glowing moisturizes skin.  smooth soft hydrated.  skin that looks vibrant and feels soft and moisturized.  hydration and abrasion free.  skin that is properly moisturized and has little to no acne. healthy skin is moisturized, clear and free from damage. skin that is resilient. blemish free and even toned.  healthy skin is neither greasy or dry. it's hydrated and elastic. clear, even toned, acne free, shiny and not dull.  skin that's clear of blemishes.  soft and smooth skin with little discoloration. clean soft acne free.  not dry; feels soft to touch; no discoloration.  healthy skin is smooth, with no breaks in the surface. it is neither dry and flaky. healthy skin is a mirror of a healthy body. healthy skin is supple and radiant. healthy skin to me is skin that looks nice, doesn't look worn from things like tanning smoking or the elements. it is smooth and hydrated. skin that is smooth and soft. clear bright shining skin.  healthy skin is skin that is not dry or oily and has a healthy glow to it.  smooth undamaged skin.  soft, not dry but not oily, little to no breakouts, no flaking or dandruff.  healthy skin is moisturized.  smooth wrinkle free.  healthy skin is smooth, soft, pliable and moisturized. glowing moisturized soft skin.  non irritated, non blotchy supple skin.  smooth,moist and glowing.  soft and hydrated.  smooth, soft, glowing skin.  not dry or oily, glowing and soft.  skin that is smooth, not flaky. skin that feels soft, dies not cracked or get ashy and is moisurized. it has a natural shine. radiant, glowing skin. natural glow.  no flakes. no / little wrinkles /  color variety,  except for freckles.  good elasticity. the skin that doesn't have rash problems or extra dry skin.  clear, soft,.  skin that has no rough spots and doesn't itch.  healthy skin is skin that feels and looks moisturized.  it is warm to the touch. it also shows that you are healthy from the inside out since your skin is your body's largest organ. not too dry, not oily, soft, glowing.  skin that is free from rashes and skin that is not very sensitive to products. glowing, soft.  not dry.  reduced pores with a glowing feel and look to skin.  healthy skin is not dry nor oily. smooth to the touch, with very little signs of aging. smooth & soft without blemishes,has a glow.  skin that is free from blemishes, sores, itchiness, scaling skin, etc. skin that is not dry. clean and moist,  not dry and flakey.  smooth, no breakouts, not dry.  it is protected from bacteria, dirt and other elements like ultraviolet rays of the sun,.  healthy skin glows, it's not patchy, dry or oily. healthy skin feels comfortable.  it has no flakes or itching and it has a healthy glow. healthy skin is clean, radiant, elastic skin that can stand up to the environment we are in. healthy skin is skin that is clean, clear and moisturized.  skin that doesn't have dry spots or broken out.  skin that not only looks good, but feels soft & smooth. skin that is not dry, itchy or flaky.  good elasticity, moist no age spots.  hydrated glowing skin.  even tone and enough moisture to be resilient. skin that is taken care of, lotioned, refreshed and clean.  skin that glows, and is soft and well moisturized. healthy skin is no bumps, clear not dry or oily.  no dryness no itchiness soft smooth no rashes.  good skin tone & color, no/few blemishes.  hydrated, clear, toned.  glowing, refreshed and radiant looking.  well cared for. cheat no blemishes.  smooth clear soft.  skin that is nourished, subtle and protected from the elements.  it is well hydrated by drinking a lot of water, as well as nourished by eating healthy foods and kept that way by using good skin care products. healthy skin is skin that is soft, smooth, and well conditioned. there are no discolorations and scars. there is no flaking and breaking on the skin. skin that is not too dry or too oil. skin that has a nice glow. well moisturized. smooth, clear and moisturized.  is when you drink and eat the right stuff.  not.dry supple soft.  skin that is glowing,soft, no spots, no acne,and feels good.  skin that is clean and moisturized ( not dry).  not dry, moisturized, glowing.  soft shiny smooth skin with no dryness.  moisturizer, hydrated, non-tanned. radiant, glowing skin!.  skin that is soft to the touch, feels moisturized, doesn't feel tight and dry. supple, glowing.  healthy skin is soft, acne free, not red, warm to the touch. smooth soft and glowing. healthy skin is even toned, moisturized and free from blemishes. smooth and clear and has good glow.  clear and moisturized.  vibrant and acne free.  moisturized skin.  soft and smooth.  shiny. not dry or itchy or flaky. soft even toned skin.  skin that is not to dry, to oily, has a radiance about it. not oily, not dry, not itchy, clean of cuts, bruises, bright, not blotchy.  eating the right food, staying out of the sun, taking care of your body.  skin that glows and is soft without blemishes.  blemish free, moisturized and smooth.  its smooth and radiant.  not dry, not oily.  skin with no rashes, no dryness, that glows.  free of irritation....not itchy.....vibrant in color.  glowing  soft not dry even tone. clean and hydrated skin. moisturized, supple, and dewy looking.  skin that looks and feels soft and smooth.  no appearance of dry, cracked or uneven skin tone. healthy skin is clean, free from acne and visible pores and looks radiant. clear, glowing, mosisturized - not dry. soft, smooth feeling to the touch.  helathy skin is soft and silky skin that is not greasy nor dry.  smooth and soft and radiant.  skin free of blemishes, not dry or oily, nice smooth feeling.  soft, smooth skin.  skin that looks and feels soft to the touch.  skin that is free of red areas, has a glow and no signs of dryness. skin that is free of cancer, not dry and flaky and looks and feels soft. healthy skin is skin that is free from dry skin, face having a pink glow, skin that isnt flaking. skin that is healthy is skin that is nourished with vitamins and minerals and quality skin care products to keep your skin feeling refreshed . good.  skin that is clear supple and glowing.  no dry skin.  moisturized and clear.  skin that is not dry, itchy or cracked; skin that is smooth to the touch;.  smooth,soft, not dry.  clear smooth feeling refresh soft and moisture.  